With pollution reaching alarming heights, it is time to clean the air. Sohum tells you all about air purifiers that are available today to help you breathe easy. We also visit the factory of Camfil India, a company that makes purifiers for commercial spaces, where we split the air purifiers wide open.iPhone X was the bestselling smartphone of Q1 2018, a Strategy Analytics report has claimed. Apple had a great outing in the quarter, with the iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus - smartphones that were launched alongside the iPhone X last September - coming in at second and third, respectively. The Cupertino company rounded off the top four with the iPhone 7, and the only Android smartphone in the top five is remarkably Xiaomi's entry-level smartphone - the Redmi 5A.

Strategy Analytics in its report says the iPhone X captured 5 percent of the global smartphone market in Q1 2018, with 16 million units shipped. Apple shipped 12.5 million iPhone 8 units, which had a 3.6 percent share of the market, followed by the iPhone 8 Plus' 8.3 million units, and 2.4 percent share. The iPhone 7 saw 5.6 million units shipped, a fall from its record 21.5 million units in Q1 2017.

"For the second quarter running, the iPhone X remains the world's most popular smartphone model overall, due to a blend of good design, sophisticated camera, extensive apps, and widespread retail presence for the device," said Juha Winter, Senior Analyst at Strategy Analytics. "Apple has now shifted almost 50 million iPhone X units worldwide since commercial launch in November 2017."

Q1 2018 Global Smartphone Shipments Market Share

Photo Credit: Strategy Analytics

Coming to the first Android contender in Strategy Analytics' Q1 2018 global smartphone shipments report, the Xiaomi Redmi 5A saw 5.4 million units shipped, marginally behind the iPhone 7. The entry-level smartphone was launched in China last October, and brought to India in November. As an introductory offer for the first 5 million units in India, the smartphone's base model (2GB RAM/ 16GB storage) had a Rs. 1,000 discount, bringing its price down to Rs. 4,999. It ended the introductory price offer in March.

"Xiaomi has become wildly popular across India and China," said Linda Sui, Director at Strategy Analytics. "Xiaomi is selling a huge volume of smartphones through online channels, with key retail partners including Flipkart and JD."

The Strategy Analytics report reveals only the top six models in terms of global smartphone shipments, saying they accounted for 1 in 7 of all smartphones shipped in the quarter. The Samsung Galaxy S9+ took the last spot in its list. The Samsung Galaxy S-Series flagship shipped 5.3 million units, just behind Xiaomi's budget offering, claiming 1.5 percent of the global smartphone market. However, not all is doom and gloom for Samsung's flagships, with the market research firm predicting the Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus would become the top-selling Android smartphone in Q2 2018.

Q1 2018 Global Smartphone Shipments Market Share

Photo Credit: Strategy Analytics

Woody Oh, Director at Strategy Analytics, said, "Samsung's new flagships, Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9+, only started shipping toward the end of the first quarter, but shipments are already off to a very good start. The S9 Plus delivers an attractive, bezel-less, curved-screen design, a rich portfolio of software apps, and best-in-class retail distribution across dozens of countries. We expect the Galaxy S9+ to become the best-selling Android smartphone globally in the second quarter of 2018."

Other manufacturers made up 84.6 percent of the 345.4 million market, shipping 292.3 units over the quarter. Global smartphone shipments fell year-on-year, from 353.8 million units the previous year.1 Asus Zenfone Max Pro M1 The Asus Zenfone Max Pro M1 has a 5.99-inch 2160x1080 screen.

2 Asus Zenfone Max Pro M1 The Asus Zenfone Max Pro M1 has a 5000mAh battery and Qualcomm Snapdragon 636 SoC.

3 Asus Zenfone Max Pro M1 The Asus Zenfone Max Pro M1 has a Micro-USB port and a 3.5mm audio socket, as well as a single speaker on the bottom.

4 Asus Zenfone Max Pro M1 The Asus Zenfone Max Pro M1 has a 13-megapixel rear camera with a 5-megapixel depth sensor.

5 Asus Zenfone Max Pro M1 The Asus Zenfone Max Pro M1 has an 8-megapixel front camera with its own flash.

6 Asus Zenfone Max Pro M1 The Asus Zenfone Max Pro M1 is 8.61mm thick and weighs 180g.

7 Asus Zenfone Max Pro M1 The Asus Zenfone Max Pro M1 comes with an accessory called the Max Box which is a stand plus passive amplifier.

8 Asus Zenfone Max Pro M1 The Asus Zenfone Max Pro M1 has two Nano-SIM slots plus a dedicated microSD slot and one SIM can use 4G at a time.

9 Asus Zenfone Max Pro M1 The Asus Zenfone Max Pro M1 runs stock Android 8.1 and the company intends to support Android P and Q.MS Dhoni batting strike-rates In #IPL .....

in 2017: 116.00 runs per 100 balls (his lowest in all IPL)

in 2018: 169.58* runs per 100 balls (his highest in all IPL) #IPL2018#CSKvRCBPhoto 1 of 7 Last night's dinner is today's lunch. So if you've got leftover noodles, fret not. Here are 5 things you can do with leftover noodles and elevate your dish to a whole new level. (You're welcome)!

Photo 2 of 7 Khow Suey



Garnish this one-pot meal with deep fried noodles, fried garlic and peanuts. With a generous squeeze of lime, you'll have this Burmese delicacy bursting with authentic flavours in no time.

Photo 3 of 7 Prawns Wrapped in Noodles



Marinade tiger prawn with red chili, garlic, lemon, a pinch of salt and pepper and then wrap with leftover noodles. Fry golden and dig in!

Photo 4 of 7 Noodle Salad



Toss up a delicious salad with spring onions, flaxseeds, sesame seeds, olive oil, balsamic vinegar, soy, shrimp and noodles.

Photo 5 of 7 Spring Rolls



Stuff Spring Rolls with noodles leftover from last night's dinner, along with thinly shredded cabbage, carrot, soya sauce, cloves and very finely chopped garlic.

Photo 6 of 7 Ramen Noodles



Instantly upgrade a bowl of noodles with eggs, greens, miso paste, chili bean sauce, Thai curry paste, Japanese curry powder and vinegar. Stir in some toasted oil, top it off with sichuan pepper or chili flakes and add a quick squeeze of lemon juice right before serving.A post shared by bollywood acting singing dance (@bollywoodfun360) on May 4, 2018 at 3:47am PDTASK OUR EXPERTS

Choose Topic --Select-- Breast Feeding Tobacco Control Bones & Joints Children Child Development Cancer Diabetes Drugs Ear Emotions Eyes Living Healthy Health Insurance Heart HIV/AIDS Infection Injuries/FirstAid Liver Men's Health Nutrition Pregnancy Rehabilitation Medicine Sexual Health Skin Surgery Teeth Travel and Health Tuberculosis Women's HealthSelect Bikes to Compare

Planning to buy a bike or a scooter? Compare before you zero in on one! Using the revolutionary comparison tool at carandbike, you can compare bikes or scooters online. Trust us, comparison gives perspective and helps you make an informed purchase decision an otherwise very challenging task for the first-time buyers. This new bike comparison tool makes bike comparisons super easy and that too on your handheld device. Here is how you can compare bikes or compare scooters online. To compare, select at least two bikes or scooters and click on the 'Compare Bike' button to compare bikes in India. The results page will list the engine details, estimated on-road price, claimed mileage, comfort and convenience features, and the overall performance of the bikes or scooters chosen for comparison. Have a look at the bike compare page results in detail to understand how one motorcycle or scooter compares with another. You may also leave a test ride request at carandbike post your bike comparison online.

Note: Select at least two or more bikes of your choice for comparison.Tabu and Manoj Bajpayee in Missing Trailer (courtesy YouTube)

Highlights Missing is directed by Mukul Abhyankar Missing will release on April 6 Tabu and Manoj Bajpayee's film is a psychological thriller

Tabu and Manoj Bajpayee just dropped the trailer of their new film. The very name is suggestive of the genre of the movie - it is a psychological thriller which also stars Annu Kapoor. The trailer begins with a married couple (played by Tabu and Mr Bajpayee) checking in to a plush hotel in Mauritius with their baby daughter Titli. But everything goes topsy-turvy in the lives of the Dubeys after Titli goes missing during the vacation. Annu Kapoor, who plays the investigative officer, learns that the last time Mrs Dubey checked on Titli was before she went to sleep and the next morning, the baby was reported missing.Soon, the trailer picks up pace as the investigative officer interrogating the hotel authorities, fellow guests and even Titli's parents. During an enquiry session with the couple, the mother appears to lose her calm when asked about certain discrepancies in their travel tickets. Later, the hotel staff also reveals that things are not exactly rosy between the Dubeys - "But that's there in every marriage" - Manoj Bajpayee tries to justify it to Annu Kapoor.The last part of the trailer is a collage of thrilling moments which makes room for many clues but leaves the viewers confused about what exactly happened to Titli. Sidharth Malhotra was one of the first ones to tweet about the trailer. "Super trailer, Super cast, excited and intrigued to watch Missing trailer," he tweeted theactor.Watch the trailer ofhere:Written and directed by Mukul Abhyankar,will release on April 6.Xiaomi Redmi S2 की स्मार्टफोन बाज़ार में चर्चा तेज़ हो गई है। Xiaomi Redmi S2 कंपनी का अगला बजट स्मार्टफोन है, जिसके लिए कहा जा रहा है कि यह भारत में 10 मई को लॉन्च होगा। टीज़र में एक युवक स्टेडियम में दिख रहा है और यहां पैराशूट के साथ S लिखा देखा गया है। अफवाहों की मानें तो फोन की जानकारियां पहले भी टीज़र के ज़रिए आ चुकी हैं। Xiaomi Redmi S2 चीन में एक्सक्लूसिव तौर पर सनिंग.कॉम पर आएगा। पिछली तस्वीरों में Xiaomi Redmi S2 दिखने में बिल्कुल Xiaomi के Redmi Note 5 Pro और Mi 6X जैसा लग रहा था।कुछ जानकारियां कंपनी की तरफ से वीबो पर पोस्ट की गई तस्वीर से भी मिली थीं। इससे पहले आए टीज़र में बड़ा सा S देका गया था, जो लाल और ब्लू रंग में था। साथ ही Xiaomi के रेडमी एस2 को चेक रिपब्लिक के मी स्टोर में भी देखा गया था, जहां इसके स्पेसिफिकेशन का भी ज़िक्र था। स्मार्टफोन को टीना और 3सी सर्टिफिकेशन में भी देखा गया था, जिससे इशारा मिला था कि यह भारत में भी लॉन्च ज़रूर किया जाएगा। चीन में यह अगले हफ्ते दस्तक देगा, साथ ही भारत में भी इसकी लॉन्चिंग इसी दौरान मानी जा रही है।यहां फोन देखने में पतले बेज़ल वाला है। हेडफोन जैक दिया गया है। ज़िक्र है कि Xiaomi Redmi S2 एंड्रॉयड ओरियो पर आधारित मीयूआई 9 पर चलेगा। इसमें 5.99 इंच का एचडी प्लस डिस्प्ले है। डिस्प्ले का आस्पेक्ट रेशियो 18:9 है। फोन में काम करता है स्नैपड्रैगन 625 प्रोसेसर। यूज़र को इसमें मिलेंगे डुअल रियर कैमरे, जो होंगे 12+5 मेगापिक्सल के। फ्रंट कैमरा 16 मेगापिक्सल रिजॉल्यूशन वाला है।बैटरी क्षमता 3080 एमएएच की है। पिछले लीक की बात करें तो Xiaomi Redmi S2 में डुअल वर्टिकल रियर कैमरे बताए गए थे। कहा गया था कि फोन में 3 जीबी रैम व 32 जीबी का इनबिल्ट स्टोरेज होगा। स्टोरेज को माइक्रोएसडी कार्ड की मदद से बढ़ाया जाना भी संभव होगा।Nokia 8 Sirocco plays on the strengths of HMD's last year's flagship and does it with style. But is there any substance to it as well? This is our review.Currently, trading on the equity derivatives segment takes place from from 9.15 a.m. till 3.30 p.m.

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) on Friday said that it has permitted stock exchanges to extend trading hours for the equity derivatives segment from October 1, 2018.According to a SEBI cicular issued on Friday, stock exchanges have been allowed to set their trading hours between 9 a.m. and 11.55 p.m., similar to the trading hours for the "Commodity Derivatives Segment".Currently, trading on the equity derivatives segment takes place from from 9.15 a.m. till 3.30 p.m.Presently, the trading hours of "Commodity Derivatives Segment" has been fixed between 10 a.m. and 11.55 p.m. provided that "stock exchange and its clearing corporation(s) have in place risk management system and infrastructure commensurate to the trading hours".The development comes after SEBI in December 2017 allowed stock exchanges to trade commodity derivatives along with other segments of securities market effective from October 1, 2018.Besides, the cicular said that those stock exchanges which "are desirous of extending the trade timings beyond the extant trading hours, prior approval from SEBI shall be sought along with a detailed proposal including the framework for risk management, settlement process, monitoring of positions, availability of manpower, system capability, surveillance systems, etc".On their part exchanges welcomed the regulator's move.Commenting on the circular, BSE's MD and CEO Ashishkumar Chauhan said: "We welcome SEBI's move to permit Indian stock exchanges to set their trading hours in the equity derivative segment between 9 a.m. and 11.55 p.m..""Globally, the derivative exchanges are already following the extended trading hours. The introduction of the extended hours is a positive development and will bring Indian market in line with International market and Indian Commodity derivative markets."Indian Commodity Exchange's (ICEX) MD & CEO Sanjit Prasad said: "The move by SEBI to increase the market hours has been a long pending demand of the Exchanges." "It will help increase the depth of the Indian capital markets with all segments now offering an equal and better opportunity. It will also mitigate the risk of developments across international markets impacting the Indian market due to a time difference."Highlights Blood pressure is one of the most common conditions in India

All berries are loaded with heart-healthy compounds called flavonoids

Skimmed milk is rich in calcium and vitamin D helps reduce BP

Blood pressure is one of the most common conditions in India. It is said that one in every three Indians are suffering from hypertension and heart ailments. High blood pressure is a silent killer; in fact, according to the National Centre For Biotechnology Information (NCBI), blood pressure shows seasonal variation. It is the pressure exerted by the blood against the walls of the arteries. It tends to damage the body's blood vessels, thus causing kidney diseases, heart afflictions and other health problems. Blood pressure should be taken care of, especially during summers as it tends to fluctuate more often. We give you some expert tips on managing blood pressure with healthy summer foods.

According to Parmeet Kaur, Dietitian, Narayana Hrudayalaya, "The hypertension diet should have foods with high magnesium, potassium and fibre content in it. They should be necessarily low in sodium."

Here are the summer foods for managing blood pressure as suggested by Parmeet Kaur.

1. Berries

All berries are loaded with heart-healthy compounds called flavonoids. The antioxidant rich fruit may help lower blood pressure, as per a study published in the Journal of the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics. Add blueberries, strawberries, et al to your daily diet.



All berries are loaded with heart-healthy compounds called flavonoid​s

2. Skimmed milk

Skimmed milk is rich in calcium and vitamin D, two of which work as a team to help reduce blood pressure naturally. According to National Health Service, UK, drinking a glass of skimmed milk a day can cut blood pressure by upto a one third. So gulp down a glass of skimmed milk daily in order to reap maximum benefits.



(Also Read: High Blood Pressure? 5 Healthy, Delicious Snacks That You Can Enjoy Guilt-Free)

3. Yogurt

According to a study presented at the American Heart Association (AHA), women who consumed five or more servings of yogurt a week had a lower risk of developing high blood pressure than similar women who hardly ever ate yogurt. So load up on chilled yogurt every day and enjoy a healthful life.

load up on chilled yogurt every day and enjoy a healthful life​



4. Watermelon

According to a study published in the American Journal of Hypertension, watermelon could significantly reduce blood pressure in overweight individuals both at rest and while under stress. The pressure on the aorta and on the heart reduced after the consumption of watermelon.

5. Bananas

This tropical fruit is super rich in potassium and even more easy to include in your daily diet. One banana provides one percent of calcium, eight percent of magnesium and 12 percent of potassium that you need every day.



This tropical fruit is super rich in potassium​



6. Kiwi

According to a report presented in the American Heart Association (AHA), kiwis may naturally lower blood pressure. Three kiwis a day could keep high blood pressure at bay. So toss kiwis in your salads and stave off any risk of high blood pressure.

Parmeet Kaur adds, "Foods rich in omega 3 fatty acids include fatty fish such as salmon, herring, mackerel, tuna, etc. These foods cut down the triglyceride count and reduce inflammation."

This summer, ensure that your blood pressure is regulated and well-maintained.L&T Finance is the financial services arm of engineeringmajor L&T

: Realty firm Supertech has raised Rs 350 crore from L&T Finance to fund an ongoing housing project in Greater Noida. The Noida-based firm also plans to launch next month a sports-centric housing project in Noida Extension (Greater Noida - West) where it would develop over 4,500 flats/villas at a cost of Rs 1,100 crore. "We have raised Rs 350 crore from L&T Finance for our Eco Village-I project at Noida Extension," Supertech managing director Mohit Arora told news agency Press Trust of India.The company is developing 7,500 flats in this project, he added.Supertech chairman R K Arora said the money raised is in the form of debt.The company has already delivered 2,000 flats in the Eco Village-I project and the funds will be utilised towards completing the remaining 5,500 apartments, he added.In view of the slowdown in the property market, real estate developers are raising funds from private equity players and other financial institutions to complete their projects.Supertech has two more projects in Noida Extension, Eco Village II and Eco Village III comprising 7,500 and 5,000 apartments, respectively. In these three projects, the company is developing around 20,000 flats, of which 16,000 units have been already sold.Managing director Mohit Arora said the company is focusing on delivery of existing projects and has targeted to complete 10,000 flats annually for the next 4-5 years. He said the company has delivered 20,000 units in the last three financial years.On sales, he said the company expects bookings to bounce back this year on the back of increased demand for affordable homes in the Delhi-NCR market after many incentives announced by the government for low-cost homes.Its sales had fallen to about Rs 1,500 crore last fiscal year from around Rs 3,000 crore in the previous year. Supertech has projects in Noida, Greater Noida, Ghaziabad, Gurugram, Meerut, Muradabad, Dehradun, Haridwar, Rudrapur and Bengaluru.L&T Finance is the financial services arm of engineering major L&T.01

Source: Photo: Varinder Chawla

Several celebrities were spotted in the arrivals section of the Mumbai airport on Friday, many of whom we'll surely spot at Sonam Kapoor's wedding on May 8.



Sonam's uncle Boney Kapoor and cousin Janhvi returned from Delhi, where they went to collect Sridevi's Best Actress National Award.MS Dhoni batting strike-rates In #IPL .....

in 2017: 116.00 runs per 100 balls (his lowest in all IPL)

in 2018: 169.58* runs per 100 balls (his highest in all IPL) #IPL2018#CSKvRCBTainted former Australian Vice Captain David Warner said on Saturday he has "learned a valuable lesson" after the ball-tampering scandal in South Africa in March. Speaking for the first time since his emotional press conference in Sydney more than a month ago, Warner told NT News: "Sometimes with our society, something has to happen for the worst for people to come out and show a lot of support and I think I've learned a valuable lesson in this myself for the support I have been given to be on the front foot to help others."

Warner was attending a cricket clinic with children here.

Accused of being the chief architect behind the ball tampering incident, Warner was banned from playing international and domestic cricket for a year along with former skipper Steve Smith.

Cameron Bancroft, who rubbed sandpaper on the red ball in Cape Town in that third Test, was suspended for nine months.

"I think the biggest thing for us has been when you are in a routine, you can get caught in a bubble -- cricket, hotels, packing your bags, coming home. I've missed that part until now where the kids run up to the gate saying, 'Mummy and daddy are here', and I am really enjoying and embracing that," Warner said.

Warner and Smith were also axed from the Indian Premier League (IPL) where they were appointed captains of Sunrisers Hyderabad and Rajasthan Royals respectively.

Smith had also thanked people publicly for their support on Friday, saying "I now have a lot to do to earn back your trust."

(With IANS inputs)Ever wondered how to share a photo on WhatsApp in full resolution or to say in simple words, without losing quality? Well, if you have an Android smartphone, then there's a simple way to send photos in WhatsApp without compression. We'll show you how.5 Of The Best Places To Eat Steak In DelhiThe most frequent complaint for Marvel's biggest movies has been a lack of stakes. For all the hell unleashed by Loki (Tom Hiddleston) and his Chitauri army in The Avengers, Ultron and his army of robot clones in Age of Ultron, or the Avengers’ internal dispute that was at the centre of Captain America: Civil War, our heroes have more or less come out unharmed at the other end. Characters who seemingly died have been brought back in the same film, be it Nick Fury in The Winter Soldier, Groot in Guardians of the Galaxy, or Loki in Thor: The Dark World. The trouble with all that is when audiences know the characters are being kept away from any serious consequences, there’s no real gravitas in the danger posed by the villains.

Anthony and Joe Russo, the directing duo of Avengers: Infinity War – in addition to Civil War and The Winter Soldier previously – know this better than anyone. And because this new mega team-up is the beginning of the end for the current generation of Marvel superheroes, and because the film has dozens of characters, it can do away with some and still have plenty to go around. That helps generate stakes and makes Infinity War different from any other Marvel film. Moreover, the film clearly establishes early on, that Thanos (Josh Brolin) is extraordinary powerful, and his four minions – his adoptive children like Gamora (Zoe Saldana) and Nebula (Karen Gillan) were – are quite capable on their own. That ensures the villains are taken seriously, and that there's a heft to them.

At the same time, it’s amazing that the film, written by Christopher Markus and Stephen McFeely – they also penned The Winter Soldier and Civil War – has a handle on every character and makes sure their idiosyncrasies, mannerisms, and behaviours get a glimpse, which provides a lot of humour within its otherwise heavy self-serious narrative. It’s fun to see Peter Quill's (Chris Pratt) insecurity rub up against Thor’s (Chris Hemsworth) hyper-masculinity, the collision of egos between Tony Stark (Robert Downey Jr.) and Doctor Strange (Benedict Cumberbatch), Cap's (Chris Evans) inability to understand humour, or even the clash between Bruce Banner and Hulk (Mark Ruffalo).

In addition to the delight of seeing various characters who've never met each other rub off on one another, talk shop, and exchange banter, it's also staggering to see how much Marvel's universe has grown when it's all brought together on a single canvas. The directors and the writers deserve praise for not making Infinity War feel rushed, as it has plenty of quiet meaningful moments for its characters, especially for Vision (Paul Bettany) and Scarlet Witch (Elizabeth Olsen), Quill and Gamora, and Stark. This isn’t true for most of the others, such as Cap and Black Panther (Chadwick Boseman), but that Infinity War can craft some genuine heart-breaking moments in such a massive get-together is a marvel.

Avengers: Infinity War begins where Thor: Ragnarok’s post-credits stinger left off, with Thanos’ ship intercepting the Asgardians. Infinity War uses Thanos as its viewpoint, as he goes after the Infinity Stones one by one. His goal is to collect all six, with which he could then wipe out half the universe with a snap of his fingers. Earth is important because two of the powerful, glowing ingots are here. One’s in the care and protection of Doctor Strange, while the other is embedded in Vision’s forehead, essentially keeping him alive. As they try to stop him, the film divides up the heroes: Thor ends up with the Guardians momentarily; Iron Man, Strange, and Spider-Man end up together; and the rest secure Vision in Wakanda.

Spider-Man, Iron Man, Drax, Star-Lord and Mantis in Avengers: Infinity War

Photo Credit: Marvel/Disney

Everyone, except Ant-Man and Hawkeye, is involved into the universe-spanning conflict. To not let the scale overpower it, Infinity War is smart about a few things. Early on, by anchoring the camera on the same height as our human heroes, it lets us feel the impact and power of things. Again and again, it forces the character emotionally closest to the character-at-risk to make a crucial decision, which deepens and rewards the audience’s investment. And it presents a twisted and half-compelling argument of Thanos’ solution to overpopulation in the Universe, egged on by what he saw on his home planet, Titan. That he’s revealed to be a more layered villain than what’s been presented in the post-credits scenes is a surprise, and his CGI-driven looks have been toned down, which also helps matters.

Better yet, Infinity War can fuse that with a constant sprinkling of levity, letting the goofier characters mesh alongside the more straightforward ones, though its villains never get that treatment as Rian Johnson did with Star Wars: The Last Jedi. Like it, Infinity War goes to some dark places, but then pushes further: there are no punching-the-air moments in the film’s final third. Most films on this scale get to be dark for a while, and then end in a climactic battle where heroes win the day. But since Infinity War will be followed by Avengers 4, it can essentially go to much darker places. The heroes are never on the winning side when it comes to Thanos.

It’s also why the Infinity War can deliver such a gut punch of an end. At the premiere in India, it left the theatre entirely silent during the credits. But the end is also deliberately unfinished, because despite what the directors say, the film feels like the first half of a two-parter. The true impact of Infinity War will only be felt once Avengers 4 rolls around, and to what extent it reverses the events that unfold in the final moments of this film. Given how important some heroes are financially to Disney-Marvel, how far it goes, and a throwaway hint to a solution, it seems likely that much of it won’t be permanent.

Thanos in Avengers: Infinity War

Photo Credit: Marvel/Disney

But moment to moment, Infinity War is an exhilarating and shocking ride. When you've so many characters, you also have so many powers and abilities to deal with. Infinity War has a few action set-pieces that involve everyone chipping in with their ideas, especially a showdown with Thanos on his home planet. Those provide the cool comic-book moments fans are eager for, in addition to multiple surprise entrances that garnered the biggest roars at the premiere screening. The action does become a tad generic elsewhere, and there are some problems with visual effects (blue screen work, to be precise) which can be distracting and noticeable especially in IMAX.

And while every character gets a heroic moment, they don’t have equal screen time. It’s not hard to imagine more prominence for Black Panther if Marvel knew about its record-breaking success beforehand. Those are minor concerns in what is otherwise a competent and enjoyable chapter, which remarkably checks most boxes: it's sombre and thoughtful at times, has plenty of laughs and epic moments, and neatly brings together its large ensemble while telling a cohesive story. Best of all, it has what Marvel seemed scared of for a decade: stakes. What follows in 2019 can hopefully live up to that.

Avengers: Infinity War is out April 27 in India and around the world. There’s one post-credits scene, stay in your seat till the end.How to Get Rid of Fruit Flies from Bananas, Apples and Other IngredientsA bomb threat was reported at the residence of actor Rajinikanth (File Photo)

A bomb threat was reported at the homes of Tamil Nadu chief minister E Palaniswami and actor Rajinikanth today, which has turned out to be a hoax. Chennai police have arrested 21-year-old P Bhuvaneswaran, who was said to be a man with mental disabilities, for allegedly making the hoax calls today. In the calls to the police, Bhuvaneswaran said that bombs had been placed at the residences of Chief Minister Edapadi Palanisamy and Rajinikanth. Police sources said that two calls were made to the police control room in the city.After a quick check by the police, the calls made by Bhuvaneswaran were declared to be a hoax.Chennai Police Commissioner AK Viswanathan, on speaking to NDTV, said that the call was traced by the police and was made from Cuddalore, after which Bhuvaneswaran was arrested."Recently, the same person had called the office of the Puducherry Chief Minister as well warning of bombs," Mr Viswanathan told NDTV. Earlier, police sources had said that Bhuvaneswaran had undergone treatment for depression at Chennai's Kilpauk Government Hospital.In 2013, he was arrested on charges of making a hoax bomb threat to late chief minister J Jayalalithaa as well.The new generation of the Porsche Cayenne is one of the most awaited of launches in the country and now Porsche has confirmed that the car will be launched in India in September 2018. In fact, Pavan Shetty, Director, Porsche India, told us this development in an exclusive chat and he mentioned further that the company is also going to launch the E-Hybrid version too in India. Besides the E-Hybrid, the Cayenne will also be available with the V6 motor and there's the Turbo V8 too that'll make its way here. Bookings for the car are already underway and we'll know more closer to the launch.

Porsche Cayenne 1.23 Crore * On Road Price (New Delhi) FIND OUT MORE

Also Read: New-Gen Porsche Cayenne Review

Compared to its predecessor, the new Cayenne integrates major technological and mechanical developments which enhance its performance. This starts with the chassis and progresses to a separated link design for the front axle, a multilink rear axle, and - for the first time with the Cayenne will be available in tyre sizes ranging from 19 to 21 inches. Rear-axle steering is available as an option which helps to improve the car's agility.

The Cayenne adopts new design elements that hint at how this generation builds upon its predecessors. New horizontal light edges create a wider, more athletic appearance as do enlarged air intakes in the front fascia. LEDs are a main feature of the new Cayenne and are standard on all models. It also has an option to upgrade from the standard headlights to either the Porsche Dynamic Light System (PLDS) or LED Matrix Beam headlights, which also include PDLS.

At the heart of the new Porsche Cayenne sits a 3.0-litre single-turbo V6 making 335 bhp and 450 Nm of torque, while the Cayenne S uses a 2.9-litre twin-turbo V6 that makes 433 bhp and 550 Nm of torque. A newly-developed eight-speed Tiptronic S transmission is standard across the Cayenne line.

With the Porsche Cayenne E-Hybrid, Porsche has moderately improved the performance of its 3.0-litre engine by 7 bhp, taking it to 340 bhp while the electric engine is now over 43 per cent higher at 136 bhp. Together, the Porsche Cayenne E-Hybrid can churns out 46 bhp higher than its predecessor. It has a combined torque of 400NM. The Cayenne E-Hybrid hits 100kmph in 5 seconds from a standing position and can reach its maximum speed of 253kmph with the combined forces of the combustion and electric engine. The engine comes mated to a new 8-Speed Tiptronic S automatic transmission.

For the latest auto news and reviews, follow CarAndBike on Twitter, Facebook, and subscribe to our YouTube channel.The National Film Awards were handed out today at a ceremony in Delhi that was shadowed by protests by winners who were angry about not receiving the honour from the President. Nearly 80 winners had threatened to skip the ceremony after learning that only 11 awards will be presented by President Ram Nath Kovind. In a break from tradition, Smriti Irani, the Information and Broadcasting Minister, presented most of the awards.ASK OUR EXPERTS

Choose Topic --Select-- Breast Feeding Tobacco Control Bones & Joints Children Child Development Cancer Diabetes Drugs Ear Emotions Eyes Living Healthy Health Insurance Heart HIV/AIDS Infection Injuries/FirstAid Liver Men's Health Nutrition Pregnancy Rehabilitation Medicine Sexual Health Skin Surgery Teeth Travel and Health Tuberculosis Women's HealthAirline staff and animal control experts worked together to get the animal out. (Representational Image)

A raccoon has delayed my flight to Toronto. pic.twitter.com/AafLuKrRli - Damien (@damienlee) May 3, 2018

More panels coming off. I respect the effort @AirCanada crew is putting into finding this raccoon. It'd be nice to get flight underway, but so far passenger lounge still finding this novel. - Damien (@damienlee) May 3, 2018

Hello Damien, we're sorry about the delay. Please be assured that our ground team is working hard to have you on your way. /Ali - Air Canada (@AirCanada) May 4, 2018

Raccoon is out of the plane (and running across field now). Alive and well, due to folks like this: pic.twitter.com/MLfzCYd5Wf - Damien (@damienlee) May 4, 2018

Travelling can be quite tedious but flying on a plane that's delayed makes for some of the worst travel stories. For passengers flying on an Air Canada flight from Saskatoon's airport to Toronto, the wait was for several hours. And the reason for the delay? A pesky little raccoon.According to airline staff, the raccoon snuck into the hose of an air conditioning unit, reports CBS News . Tweets posted by passenger Damien Lee document the entire rather bizarre incident. "For the first hour, it was really novel," he told CBS News . "No one's ever seen anything like this."Airline staffers and animal control experts worked together to get the animal out, reports CTV News . Panels from the aircraft were also removed and lassos were kept ready in order to catch the raccoon.Meanwhile, Air Canada tweeted the passenger back saying they were putting in their best efforts to get the animal out.Eventually, the animal made it out and managed to escape unharmed, reports CBS News Mr Lee also tweeted an update confirming the newsThe flight that was meant to leave at 2:50 pm eventually took off at 10 pm. Wonder what the raccoon's next adventure will be.Click for more trending newsThe anticipated Nokia X6 smartphone, which may be called the Nokia X, has been leaked yet again, this time in a video showing the front and back of the device. The phone's display also reveals the event details in Beijing, where the Nokia X is expected to be unveiled on May 16.

The Nokia X video has been posted on Weibo, and the framing unfortunately cuts out the notch but shows the vertical dual camera setup at the back. The device is donning a Black finish, with a fingerprint sensor beneath the camera sensors at the back. The volume rocker and the power button are housed on the right edge of the smartphone.

The Nokia X6 is expected to launch at an event in Beijing on May 16, going by the loose translation on the display. Design wise, Nokia is also taking inspiration from the iPhone X and bringing the notch display to the Nokia X6. Previous leaks show a thin chin at the bottom as well, housing the Nokia branding.

As per previous reports, the upcoming Nokia X6 is expected to run Android One-based Android 8.1 Oreo out-of-the-box. It will most likely sport a 5.8-inch full-HD+ (1080x2280 pixels) display with a 19:9 aspect ratio. In terms of internals, the smartphone might arrive with a Qualcomm Snapdragon 636 or a MediaTek Helio P60 SoC, coupled with 4GB/ 6GB RAM and 64GB/ 128GB inbuilt storage. On the back, the phone might get a12-megapixel Carl Zeiss lens.

As for the price, the Nokia X or Nokia X6 is rumoured to cost CNY 1,599 (roughly Rs. 16,800) for the 4GB RAM and 64GB storage variant, while the 6GB RAM, 128GB storage model could be priced at CNY 1,799 (roughly Rs. 19,000). There is no word on availability or pricing in international markets including India.Ravindra Jadeja hasn't had a good run in the ongoing Indian Premier League (IPL) so far but such is his demeanour that he doesn't stay away from the headlines. The other day, he dropped two back-to-back catches at mid-off against Kolkata Knight Riders that proved crucial in the end as Sunil Narine went on to score 32 for his team. On Friday, Jadeja clean-bowled Royal Challengers Bangalore (RCB) captain Virat Kohli on the very first ball he bowled but decided not to celebrate the dismissal. After the wicket, Kohli gave him a nasty stare and Jadeja, who is known for wild celebrations, didn't react at all.

Twitter was quick to notice this and trolled Jadeja brutally for not celebrating, with Indian Premier League and ICC too joining in the fun.

No celebrations from Jadeja here as he gets the crucial wicket of the #RCB Skipper.#CSKvRCB pic.twitter.com/1U4KdKDrlv — IndianPremierLeague (@IPL) May 5, 2018

When you dismiss your national team captain ?? https://t.co/h7cnFiuw3c — ICC (@ICC) May 5, 2018

For Those Asking Why Didn't I Celebrate Virat Kohli's Wicket, Yes I Was Scared My Place In National Team Will Be Screwed. #CSKvRCB #CSKvsRCB #Jadeja #SirJadeja pic.twitter.com/S9AyvEDnrc — Sir Ravindra Jadeja (@SirJadeja) May 5, 2018

Letter postmatch :



Hi Virat ,



I have no intent to do this to you . If possible , please forgive me . And please consider me for selection .



Your faithfully

Jaddu #CSKvRCB #jadeja pic.twitter.com/S5qo50BRGn — PK (@restlessler) May 5, 2018

"It was my first ball and I was not ready to celebrate. Virat's wicket is always a huge wicket, I was thinking I got a good wicket," said Jadeja when asked about the incident.

CSK produced a magnificent bowling performance as they restricted RCB to a meagre 127/9 in 20 overs at the MCS stadium, Pune on Saturday afternoon. MS Dhoni winning the toss, put RCB to bat as the home team bowlers ran through the famed RCB batting line-up quickly to gain an upper hand in the game early. Brendon McCullum, Virat Kohli and AB de Villiers were dismissed cheaply while Parthiv Patel was the sole fighter who scored a brilliant 53. Chennai spinners -- Ravindra Jadeja and Harbhajan Singh -- shared five wickets between them as they spun a web around the visitors.

However, Tim Southee provided a final flourish in the dying moments of the game to help his team cross the three-figure back. Apart from this, he strung together a 34-run partnership in the end with Mohammed Siraj. For Chennai, Jadeja was the pick of the bowlers as he finished with the figures of 3/18 in his stipulated overs.After a decade in the top flight Stoke City were relegated from the Premier League on Saturday when they blew a one goal lead to lose 2-1 at home to Crystal Palace. Paul Lambert's side are second bottom, three points from the safety zone, but with only one game remaining they are doomed. With fourth-bottom Swansea and third-bottom Southampton playing each other in midweek, it is impossible for Stoke to collect enough points to avoid slipping into the Championship. Stoke spent 10 seasons in the Premier League , but a run of 13 games without a victory ensured that streak is over.

Stoke goalkeeper Jack Butland was in tears at the final whistle and City fans were just as emotional as the realisation of their team's relegation sank in.

Hundreds left the bet365 stadium in the closing minutes before those that remained sang "City til I die" in a defiant rallying cry.

Stoke captain Ryan Shawcross conceded the players had only themselves to blame.

"It's difficult obviously but it's not just about one game. It's over a season and we've not been good enough all season," he said.

"Ultimately it's down to the players. Since the gaffer has come in we've had a right go and been in every game."

The blame for Stoke's predicament lies jointly with Lambert and Mark Hughes, who was sacked in January after a wretched run culminated with an embarrassing FA Cup third round defeat against fourth tier Coventry.

"My emotions are up and down. It is a tough afternoon. I am feeling for everyone connected with the club," Lambert said.

"When teams don't get results you can be sleep-walking into positions you don't want to be in. We never had enough.

"Since I came in the lads have given everything but we came short. It is a chance to rebuild."

The Potters won their first match with Lambert in charge against Huddersfield, but that was a false dawn as they remained deep in trouble for the rest of the season.

Hughes could suffer the indignity of having a role in two relegations in one season as his Southampton side, who face Everton later on Saturday, are in severe trouble themselves.

Xherdan Shaqiri had described the Palace clash as "a war we have to win" and the Stoke star landed the first blow in the 43rd minute.

Having been fouled on the edge of the penalty area, Shaqiri picked himself up and exacted his revenge.

Shaqiri's superb left-footed free-kick took a slight deflection off Palace midfielder Ruben Loftus-Cheek as it curled past Wayne Hennessey before he could react.

It was the Swiss forward's first goal since February and he celebrated by sprinting to the touchline to jump into Lambert's arms.

But Stoke's nerves were still frayed.

They couldn't cling onto their lead and Palace midfielder James McArthur equalised with a clinical finish in the 68th minute.

Forced to throw men forward in search of a winner, Lambert's side were carved open in the 86th minute as Patrick van Aanholt slotted home to seal Stoke's fate.Highlights Blood pressure is one of the most common conditions in India

All berries are loaded with heart-healthy compounds called flavonoids

Skimmed milk is rich in calcium and vitamin D helps reduce BP

Blood pressure is one of the most common conditions in India. It is said that one in every three Indians are suffering from hypertension and heart ailments. High blood pressure is a silent killer; in fact, according to the National Centre For Biotechnology Information (NCBI), blood pressure shows seasonal variation. It is the pressure exerted by the blood against the walls of the arteries. It tends to damage the body's blood vessels, thus causing kidney diseases, heart afflictions and other health problems. Blood pressure should be taken care of, especially during summers as it tends to fluctuate more often. We give you some expert tips on managing blood pressure with healthy summer foods.

According to Parmeet Kaur, Dietitian, Narayana Hrudayalaya, "The hypertension diet should have foods with high magnesium, potassium and fibre content in it. They should be necessarily low in sodium."

Here are the summer foods for managing blood pressure as suggested by Parmeet Kaur.

1. Berries

All berries are loaded with heart-healthy compounds called flavonoids. The antioxidant rich fruit may help lower blood pressure, as per a study published in the Journal of the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics. Add blueberries, strawberries, et al to your daily diet.



All berries are loaded with heart-healthy compounds called flavonoid​s

2. Skimmed milk

Skimmed milk is rich in calcium and vitamin D, two of which work as a team to help reduce blood pressure naturally. According to National Health Service, UK, drinking a glass of skimmed milk a day can cut blood pressure by upto a one third. So gulp down a glass of skimmed milk daily in order to reap maximum benefits.



(Also Read: High Blood Pressure? 5 Healthy, Delicious Snacks That You Can Enjoy Guilt-Free)

3. Yogurt

According to a study presented at the American Heart Association (AHA), women who consumed five or more servings of yogurt a week had a lower risk of developing high blood pressure than similar women who hardly ever ate yogurt. So load up on chilled yogurt every day and enjoy a healthful life.

load up on chilled yogurt every day and enjoy a healthful life​



4. Watermelon

According to a study published in the American Journal of Hypertension, watermelon could significantly reduce blood pressure in overweight individuals both at rest and while under stress. The pressure on the aorta and on the heart reduced after the consumption of watermelon.

5. Bananas

This tropical fruit is super rich in potassium and even more easy to include in your daily diet. One banana provides one percent of calcium, eight percent of magnesium and 12 percent of potassium that you need every day.



This tropical fruit is super rich in potassium​



6. Kiwi

According to a report presented in the American Heart Association (AHA), kiwis may naturally lower blood pressure. Three kiwis a day could keep high blood pressure at bay. So toss kiwis in your salads and stave off any risk of high blood pressure.

Parmeet Kaur adds, "Foods rich in omega 3 fatty acids include fatty fish such as salmon, herring, mackerel, tuna, etc. These foods cut down the triglyceride count and reduce inflammation."

This summer, ensure that your blood pressure is regulated and well-maintained.Kamiyah Mobley was kidnapped by Gloria Williams, who renamed her Alexis Manigo.

Shanara Mobley had given birth to Kamiyah hours before an impostor nurse snatched her.

Shanara Mobley never stopped thinking about her baby, who vanished from a Florida hospital nearly 20 years ago, eight hours after Mobley brought her into the world.Each year since, Mobley celebrated the girl's birthday with a cake she kept frozen for 18 years. She thought about what it would be like to see her daughter, whom she had named Kamiyah, take her first steps or to send her off to prom.So when she was asked in a courtroom Thursday what sort of sentence her daughter's kidnapper, Gloria Williams, should face, her answer came easily."Death," Mobley said, eliciting gasps from the courtroom, according to the Associated Press.The kidnapped girl's biological father, Craig Aiken, gave a different response."This is the part that she makes it hard for me, because my daughter doesn't want to see [Williams] get time," he said.Williams had raised the kidnapped baby as her own in South Carolina and renamed her Alexis Kelly Manigo. When Williams, 51, was arrested on charges of kidnapping and interference with custody in January 2017, Kamiyah sobbed and told Williams she loved her.But Williams had to pay, Aiken said Thursday, addressing Williams directly, the AP reported. Williams pleaded guilty to kidnapping and interference with child custody and could face a maximum prison sentence of 22 years, according to AP.The ramifications of Kamiyah Mobley's abduction in July 1998 - and the unsuccessful search for her in the decades after - were spelled out in court Thursday. Kamiyah's biological parents testified that they themselves were viewed as suspects by police, neighbors and even each other. Aiken's grandmother testified that Shanara Mobley had "turned on me" at one point, wondering if she was behind the kidnapping, the AP reported.At one point, Shanara Mobley shouted out to her daughter, now 19, who was sitting in the back of the courtroom. "I am your mother, Kamiyah!" she cried. "I am your mother."During a second hearing on Friday, Williams detailed the circumstances of the kidnapping. About a month before the kidnapping, Williams testified, she'd had a miscarriage. She had also lost custody of two other children and was in an abusive relationship that led to her miscarriage, according to the Associated Press.After the loss of her pregnancy, Williams said, she felt her life was out of her control. She drove from South Carolina to Jacksonville, Florida, her mind on autopilot, with no intention of abducting a child, she said.Yet on the morning of July 10, 1998, Williams posed as a nurse in a blue floral smock and green scrub pants and walked into a Jacksonville hospital's newborn ward, carrying a bag. She put the baby in the bag and left."What I remember is I was running, I was walking and at any time someone could grab my arm and say, 'What do you have in the bag?' " Williams said, according to the AP.The abduction at the time gripped the attention of Florida and much of the country. Authorities sealed the hospital, stopped every visitor, halted buses and put airport police on alert for a baby. Row by row, trains leaving Jacksonville were searched. Room by room, the hospital was combed.Officials were optimistic."There's a high percentage in getting these babies back," a Jacksonville sheriff's spokesman told reporters the day of the kidnapping. "We want to put our hands on that baby."As each day passed, Kamiyah's family never stopped wondering whether she was alive. Aiken was in jail during his daughter's birth and abduction, serving an eight-month sentence for impregnating Shanara Mobley when she was 15 and he was an adult, according to the Florida Times-Union."I wonder what she would look like," he told the paper from lockup in 1999. He had recurring dreams of holding his baby, playing with her, but could never attach a face to his child."The only thing I have to remember her by is her name," he told the paper at the time. "Kamiyah."Posters of Kamiyah were plastered all over Jacksonville in the first year of her disappearance - and over many years to come. Authorities never managed to locate her - despite a $250,000 reward for her recovery, at least three appearances on "America's Most Wanted" and a search across multiple countries.The child's family eventually sued the hospital, later settling in 2000 in a case that prompted hospitals across central Florida to tighten security for newborns, the Orlando Sentinel reported in 2000.Williams told Kamiyah her true identity shortly before the arrest, after realizing Kamiyah couldn't get a driver's license without a valid birth certificate or Social Security card, according to AP. Kamiyah shared the secret with a friend but not police. The National Center for Missing and Exploited Children eventually received an anonymous tips about Kamiyah's whereabouts, and authorities were notified.A DNA test in early 2017 confirmed Kamiyah's identity, and authorities described her as "clearly a victim in this case," who was otherwise in good health and living as a "normal 18-year-old woman." It would be her decision to reunite with her biological family, they said.She met her biological parents soon after through FaceTime, according to the New York Daily News. They were impressed by how intelligent and respectful she sounded, they told the paper.In court on Friday, Williams apologized to Kamiyah's birth mother, according to the AP.She then turned to Kamiyah. "I will always love you, always," Williams told her. "But you're not mine. Your mother and father are sitting right here."After a career laden with belts, cash and kudos, boxing great Floyd Mayweather Jr retired undefeated over 50 fights -- but his flawless record faces an unlikely challenge from an obscure Thai fighter known as the " dwarf giant ". At 5ft 2in (1.57m) and weighing just 105lb (47.6kg), minimum-weight Wanheng Menayothin is shorter, leaner and significantly less wealthy than Mayweather, who briefly emerged from retirement last year to fight MMA star Conor McGregor for a $100 million purse. If Wanheng triumphs on Wednesday afternoon he will equal Mayweather's feat of winning 50 successive fights.

His WBC minimumweight belt is on the line against Panamanian challenger Leroy Estrada.

The fight, to be held outside the town hall of second-tier Thai city Nakhon Ratchasima, has none of the glitz or pay-per-view pull of a Mayweather bout in Las Vegas.

But still Wanheng will enter boxing lore with victory -- and, at 32 years of age, has time to go one better and match the 51 wins, one draw and no losses set by Mexican flyweight Ricardo Lopez.

It is not just the box office power that differentiates Mayweather from the Thai, who turned to the ring at the age of 12 as a path out of poverty.

While the prelude to Mayweather fights was defined by hype and trash-talking, Wanheng has adopted a more karmic approach.

"I'm not feeling pressured, you win and you lose, and that's the nature of sports," he said at his gym in Bangkok a few days before defending his title.

But he said he had trained hard with the aim of "equalling Floyd".

Nicknames also capture the difference between the pair.

- Numbers game -

In addition to "Money", the American fought under the moniker "Pretty Boy" and "The Best Ever", tags he still rolls out on a Twitter profile boasting more than eight million followers.

With Wanheng, it's more complicated.

Fighters in Thailand often compete under the label of their gym, which is where his second name Menayothin -- the name of his Bangkok gym -- comes from.

His legal name is Chayaphon Moonsri, while his most widely used nickname is the "dwarf giant" because of his small stature and powerful punches.

But the boxer also fights under the alias "Five-Star Grilled Chicken" as part of sponsorship deal with Thai food giant CP Chicken.

Should Wanheng win on Wednesday his name will enter the record books, but with an asterisk of sorts.

He has fought mostly low-profile Asian challengers on his home turf in Thailand.

His rivals have been a mixed bag -- one last year had 44 losses, while another in 2014 had 24.

In December he tied Rocky Marciano's 49-0 tally with a win over Japanese contender Tatsuya Fukuhara.

Mayweather, meanwhile, had a much tougher ride defeating some of the sport's all-time greats, including Manny Pacquiao and Oscar De La Hoya.

The welterweight has 27 KOs to Wanheng's 17.

"With respect to Wanheng he's never beaten anyone of note. In the west this fight will be nothing more than a trivial pursuit question," Anson Wainwright, a boxing correspondent for The Ring magazine, told AFP, adding that matching the record would nevertheless be a "good achievement."

Carlos Costa, a boxing reporter covering the fight, said the 23-year-old Estrada also poses a unique challenge to Wanheng, 32.

"He's younger and fresher," Costa said of Estrada. "He's hungry for glory, and that makes a boxer always dangerous."

And the Panamanian is in no mood to help Wanheng into the history books, telling AFP "this is my opportunity to be a champion".Could your skin be more clear and smoother than it is? Could your hair be any silkier, stronger and voluminous? All of this without having to spend thousands of rupees are your next-door salon? Yes, absolutely! I come across hundreds of young women looking for desperate solutions to their skin and hair problems and expecting me to wave my magic wand and tackle their issues overnight and transform them. I would love to oblige but the truth is that nature doesn't bloom overnight. The smallest seed of a plant also needs to be planted, nurtured and cared for before it can blossom and show its magnificence. Though we live in a world of "insta" or instant options, some things cannot be played around with.With the festive season around the corner - Durga Puja, Karvachauth, Diwali and endless parties and festivities that go with it, the skin and hair need to look healthy and stunning. In this article I have conjured up some INSTA recipes (both magical and natural) that are guaranteed to work and give some fabulous results to dead looking skin and hair. So wake up and imbibe these spells into your festive look.

1. For dull, oily and combination skin

Massage the skin with iced yoghurt and sprinkle some sugar along with it. Now take orange halves and scrub gently until the granules melt. Wash the face with iced water and see the difference.

2. For dull, tired and dry skin

Massage the skin with papaya. Then make a scrub by mixing oats and honey along with a little cold milk and scrub the skin. Wash off with ice cold milk and water and pat dry.

3. Suffering from frizzy hair?

Try this simple, quick and easy-to-make spray. Take slices of two lemon and simmer in two cups of water until it reduces to half the amount. Pour the liquid into a spritz bottle and spray on your hair. Not only will there be a wonderful natural sheen but static and fly away hair will be gone!

4. For natural hair colour

If you have a brownish tinge in your hair and don't have the time to henna or colour it, then take a few sprigs of rosemary from the kitchen shelf and simmer them in 2 cups of water along with 2 tsp black tea until it reduces to half the quantity. Mix with 1/4cup of shampoo and every time you shampoo, use this mixture. Leave the shampoo in your hair for about 15 minutes and see the difference it makes.

5. For a smooth back

Planning to wear a low back blouse, backless dress or choli, but have no time to go in for a body scrub to show off a smooth back? Here's a quick home remedy. Take 1 cup of sea salt and mix it with half a cup of olive oil. Add 5 drops of sandalwood oil and mix well. Store in a jar and scrub the areas of your body you want to flaunt. Wipe off with a wet towel.

6. Dealing with under eye bags and dark circles

Take used chamomile tea bags and store them in the freezer. Grate half a cucumber and massage around eye area and then lie down with the tea bags on your eyes for 10 minutes.You will find an instant difference in the way your eyes look and feel.

7. Instant face lift

Wash your face with ice water or simply rub and ice cube with a tsp of honey on the face. Beat an egg white until it peaks and brush onto your skin and let dry. You will feel the stretch in the skin. wash face with icy cold water.

8. Tired eyes?

Long hours at work, then shopping and getting things organized for the festive season can be tiring. I would suggest you make this wonderful eye wash which will make you feel refreshed instantly. Take iced spring water in a bowl and add a few drops of rose water, 2-3 drops of honey and immerse one eye into it. You can also open your eye a little and then close it. Throw away the liquid and make the same water for the other eye and repeat the process. After this, splash the eyes with cold mineral water. There maybe slight redness for some time but it will go away soon and your eyes will feel refreshed in minutes.

9. Quick Hair Care

Don't have the time to shampoo and blow dry your hair even though it is oily? Well, sweat not. Sprinkle talcum and amla powder onto your hair brush and overturn the hair over your head and brush from the nape of the neck to the tips .Now throw your hair back and voila you have bouncy oil free hair in minutes!

So these are just a few of my secret 'insta' beauty recipes. Use them and enjoy but never substitute them for a regular skin and hair care regime.

Disclaimer:

The opinions expressed within this article are the personal opinions of the author. NDTV is not responsible for the accuracy, completeness, suitability, or validity of any information on this article. All information is provided on an as-is basis. The information, facts or opinions appearing in the article do not reflect the views of NDTV and NDTV does not assume any responsibility or liability for the same.is not a recent phenomenon. It is an ancient

practice which is associated not just with the physical well-being of the body but with the overall health of a human being. I see yoga as a holistic package, which unlike other physical activities aims at cleansing and rejuvenating the human body from outside as well as within. If one adopts the practice as a part of everyday routine, one can actually feel the difference - mentally , physically as well spiritually. And as an added bonus, it can bring about

too.

With the growing trend of people getting more cautious of their expanding waistlines and increased instances of metabolic disorders - cancer, diabetes and others - there has been a sudden upsurge in people prioritising their health and resorting to tailor-made diet plans and fitness regimes.

Yoga is an ancient form of exercise and way of living that focuses on your mind, body and soul. It's a holistic practice for all ages. The word 'Yoga' has been derived from the Sanskrit word 'Yug' which refers to the union of our individual consciousness and the universal consciousness. Yoga is not a religion. It is a science, science of well-being, science of youthfulness, science of integrating body, mind and soul", says Amit Ray, Yoga and Vipassana: An Integrated Life Style. Yoga

For the longest time in my life, I was of the opinion that yoga involves a set of exercises where holding certain postures for a few seconds was the main objective. I used to think of it as a regime meant for those who were already fit but were keen on building their flexibility. I could somehow never relate it to being an effective tool for weight loss as compared to the high intensive workout sessions in the gyms. It took me quite some time to understand the mechanism of different asanas and their efficacy but I must tell you, the understanding of it was enlightening, affirmative and oh, so gratifying!







Yoga for Weight Loss



To understand the importance of yoga and its relationship with human body, I got in touch with a well renowned yoga practitioner as well as fitness expert, Seema Sondhi. On being asked how yoga helps in losing weight, she proposed to start from the very basics of the practice.



According to her, before we target weight loss, it is important to understand the various factors that contribute in weight gain. Apart from faulty dietary habits, one should identify that weight gain also stems from inefficient functioning of various bodily functions. Yoga has some of the most basic



"I can't really pin-point any specific set of asanas for weight loss. Almost all of them aim at cleansing your inner mechanism, strengthening your core and



She explains how yoga aims at making you fit by increasing flexibility. It involves twisting the body, forward and backward bends, inversions and other poses that help in opening up the otherwise rusted muscles and thereby facilitate weight loss.



Here are few To understand the importance of yoga and its relationship with human body, I got in touch with a well renowned yoga practitioner as well as fitness expert, Seema Sondhi. On being asked how yoga helps in losing weight, she proposed to start from the very basics of the practice.According to her, before we target weight loss, it is important to understand the various factors that contribute in weight gain. Apart from faulty dietary habits, one should identify that weight gain also stems from inefficient functioning of various bodily functions. Yoga has some of the most basic breathing practices at its base which aims at cleansing, balancing and rejuvenating our inner organs and their functions. Various breathing exercises and basic asanas help in increasing metabolic and heart rates. Once you are healed from within, the focus then shifts towards the outer body."I can't really pin-point any specific set of asanas for weight loss. Almost all of them aim at cleansing your inner mechanism, strengthening your core and stamina , increasing flexibility, and upping your metabolic rate," says Seema.'She explains how yoga aims at making you fit by increasing flexibility. It involves twisting the body, forward and backward bends, inversions and other poses that help in opening up the otherwise rusted muscles and thereby facilitate weight loss.Here are few simple yoga asanas to help you get started:

1. Surya Namaskar

One of the basic, most well-known and widely practiced asanas, surya namaskarliterally translates to sun salutation. It comprises a series of twelve different yoga poses that focus on various parts of body. What makes surya namaskar great for the entire body is the fact that it involves twelve different poses encompassed in one - for example, basic prayer pose, forward bend and the bhujangasana (cobra pose).





According to various experts surya namaskar is a great way to keep your body active as it helps in exercising all possible areas of your body. It helps in strengthening your skeletal system including ligaments and also aids in easing stress and anxiety.

2. The warrior pose or Veerabhadrasana

It involves going into the mountain pose, followed by stretching one of your legs back and with the other leg going into a lunge like position with your knee at a ninety degree positioning and your hands stretched right above your head. You can take this further to the veerabhadrasana II or warrior pose 2 wherein you bring your hands in front of the chest and straighten your stretched leg, pointing it outwards while your other leg is still at ninety degrees and your both arms are stretched out wide apart.

The warrior poses work on your legs, thighs, back and arms. It helps in improving blood circulation.

3. Triangular pose or Trikonasana

Start with a wide legged stance; turn your right foot out. Now stretch your arms out, wide open pushing the right side of your waistline over your right leg and slowly go down, facing downwards with a flat back. Keep your right palm on the ground (you can choose to keep it in front of your right foot or behind it) or on a block with your left arm stretched upwards. Repeat the other side.

This asana works on the sides of your body, arms and thighs.

4. Upward plank or Purvottanasana

This may seem a bit difficult to crack towards the start but the results that this asana yield will leave you much gratified. This works extensively on your back, shoulders, arms, spine, wrists and fortifies muscles. It is also great for the respiratory system. It is great for the core strength of the body as it works on your legs, inner thigh muscles as wells as hips.

Sit with your legs stretched in front of you. Put your hands behind your hips pointing towards your feet. Now, point your feet, prepare your body to rise up. Raise your body from the tailbone and try pulling your head back as well. It is the exact opposite of the position which you get in just before preparing for a conventional push up.

(Five Easy Yoga Poses For Common Health Problems)

5. The boat pose: You lie down on your back and as the name suggests go in to a V shaped position resembling a boat. Try holding the position for 10 seconds to begin with and increase the bar with every passing day. You will feel your stomach muscles going for a toss but trust me, this will kill that stubborn belly fat.



6. The bridge pose: Lie down on your back with your hands stretched sideways now fold your knees, spread them out and raise your body up from your pelvis area. Take support from your hands and hold the position. This works wonders on your hips, thighs, stomach as well as back.

Physical exercise has always been held important for the overall well-being as well as to keep health related troubles at bay but it should always be kept in mind that any form of physical activity will remain futile and unproductive if not teamed with proper diet.

(Yoga: Is it Worth it?)

Seema therefore recommends a satvic or yogic diet, which involves relying only on fresh and organic produce. Keeping a check on spices and processed food consumption is extremely crucial. One should include home-cooked food, fresh fruits and vegetables in one's daily diet. Also, a person should monitor the amount of food consumed in one sitting. Portion controlled eating is encouraged, keeping a strict check on binge -eating.Highlights Curd is a great probiotic which makes it good for your gut

Curd has a moisturizing effect on your skin

It contains special proteins & nutrients that control high blood pressure

Curd is a great probiotic. Photo Credit: Istock

Curd has a moisturizing effect on your skin.

Special proteins in yogurt & nutrients like potassium help in lowering high blood pressure.

Yogurt is low in fat and calories. Photo Credit: Istock

Yogurt or curd is a great probiotic (an ingredient that contains live bacteria). These good and beneficial bacteria are known to improve gut activity, soothe inflamed digestive systems and treat an upset stomach.The live active cultures found in yogurt fight disease-causing germs and keep your gut and intestinal tract protected. A scientific study conducted by a team of researchers at the University of Vienna in Austria found that eating a 7-ounce dose of yogurt (about 200 grams) was just as effective in boosting immunity as popping pills.Curd has a moisturizing effect on your skin and it heals your dry skin naturally. A lot of people suffer from acne due to certain gastrointestinal problems. Curd helps in marinating a happy and active gut which leads to healthy skin. Yogurt is an excellent beauty ingredient for face packs too as it contains lactic acid that acts as an exfoliator and clears off all dead cells and blemishes.A research presented at the High Blood Pressure Research Scientific Sessions of the American Heart Association (AHA) showed that people who ate more non-fat yogurt were 31 percent less likely to develop high blood pressure than others. The special proteins in yogurt along with nutrients like potassium and magnesium help in lowering high blood pressure and promoting a healthy heart.(Also read: Top 10 Natural Foods to Control High Blood Pressure Yogurt may be particularly good for women as it helps in discouraging the growth of yeast infections. The lactobacillus acidophilus bacteria found in yogurt is known to control the growth of infection in the body and kill the yeast by kills by producing hydrogen peroxide.A cup of yogurt (250grams) contains about 275mg of calcium as per the United States Department of Agriculture. A daily dose of calcium not only helps in maintaining bone density but also strengthens them. It is low in fat and calories and thus, may also help in keeping your weight in check.(Also read: 10 Things You Can Make With Yogurt You can team a bowl of yogurt with fresh fruits or seeds like flaxseeds and sunflower seeds to add an extra dose of fiber along with all the other nutrients that it provides.Chennai Super Kings (CSK) climbed to the top of the points table with a comfortable six-wicket victory over Royal Challengers Bangalore (RCB) in an Indian Premier League (IPL) match on Saturday. Having elected to field on winning the toss, CSK restricted the visitors to 127/9 in their 20 overs. In reply, while Shane Watson departed early, opener Ambati Rayudu laid the foundation of a successful foundation with a brilliant 32 off 25 balls. CSK captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni hit Chahal three consecutive sixes in the 18th over of the match to lead his team to a victory.

Earlier, CSK produced a magnificent bowling performance as thet restricted Royal Challengers Bangalore (RCB) to a meagre 127/9 in 20 overs. MS Dhoni winning the toss, put RCB to bat as the home team bowlers ran through the famed RCB batting line-up quickly to gain an upper hand in the game early. Brendon McCullum, Virat Kohli and AB de Villiers were dismissed cheaply while Parthiv Patel was the sole fighter who scored a brilliant 53. Chennai spinners -- Ravindra Jadeja and Harbhajan Singh -- shared five wickets between them as they spun a web around the visitors.

However, Tim Southee provided a final flourish in the dying moments of the game to help his team cross the three figure back. Apart from this he strung together a 34-run partnership in the end with Mohammed Siraj. For Chennai, Jadeja was the pick of the bowlers as he finished with figures of 3/18 in his stipulated overs. RCB will have to dig deep and produce a spirited performance to defeat the formidable CSK in order to make it to the play-offs. (Scorecard)

When and Where to Watch Chennai Super Kings (CSK) vs Royal Challengers Bangalore (RCB)

India: TV: Star Sports 1, Star Sports 1 HD (English, Hindi, Tamil). Live Streaming: Hotstar.

UK: TV: Sky Sports 2. Live Streaming: Sky Go and Watch Sky Sports.

Bangladesh: TV: GTV and Star Sports.

USA: TV: Willow TV. Live Streaming: Willow TV Live Online.

Australia: TV: Fox Sports. Live Streaming: Foxtel.

New Zealand: TV: Sky Sport 1. Live Streaming: Sky Go NZ.

South Africa: TV: SuperSport 2. Live Streaming: SuperSport Live Video.

Middle East: TV: OSN Sports Cricket. Live Streaming: OSN Play.

Singapore: TV: Star Cricket.Highlights A cheesy take on your favourite street kachoris. Try cheese kachoris

Chicken kebabs are the perfect starters for your dinner party

Here's a pick for dessert - apple jalebis served with gulab ice cream

A cheesy take on your favourite street kachoris.

Juicy fillets of fish coated with pungent Kasundi mustard.

Chicken kebabs are the perfect starters for your dinner party

Coffee and mutton? Yes, please!

Here's another pick for dessert - hot apple jalebis served with gulab ice cream.

A classic Italian starter combined with our very own tandoori chicken chunks.

A cheesy take on your favourite street kachoris. Crisp homemade kachoris are stuffed with paneer, Cheddar cheese and spicy jalapenos. Your guests won't be able to stop at one, so make sure your fry loads of them. The best part is that these can even be baked or fried in the air fryer for all those who are calorie conscious.(Also read: 10 Perfect New Year's Evening Foods That Don't Require a Fork and Knife Chicken kebabs are the perfect starters for your dinner party. But this time around, infuse them with some creamy avocados and serve with a sweet and tangy pineapple chutney. Shallow fry the tikkis in some olive oil they give them a healthy and wholesome kick so that none of your guests will complain!Another stunner by Chef Kunal Kapur. You know no one can street crisp gol gappas filled with the zesty paani. Give this favourite street food a twist and offer you guests some gol gappa shots for your New Year party. A mix of fruit juices and fresh fruits stuffed in gol gappas - serve these to start your party.Here's a delicious way to use up all the winter berries and give your New Year dessert a floral touch. Floral seems to be one of the biggest trends of 2017 and this recipe is a great way to make the most of fit. A refreshing and creamy blend of berries, rice, milk and lavender flower essence.Take your culinary skills a notch by creating this South Indian and American fusion. Two classics from two countries - idlis and burgers - come together to make a fusion dish like no other. Try this and you might be the first one to start a trend.Coffee and mutton? Yes, please! You may have never tried this fusion before but it's time to do so now. Marinate mutton chops with a shot of espresso, some fresh herbs, honey and balsamic vinegar to add a deep and rich flavour to your meat. This brilliant recipe has been shared by Chef Ritu Dalmia, so you definitely can't go wrong!(Also read: A Fully Planned Christmas Menu For all the vegetarians out there, this wholesome lasagna stuffed with soft cottage cheese and a mix of char-grilled veggies is an absolute treat. This one dish wonder is perfect to feed a crowd at your New Year Party.Here's another pick for dessert - hot apple jalebis served with gulab ice cream. This is perfect winter treat and a delicious pick for your New Year Party menu. Sweet slices of apples are coated with a thin batter, fried crisp and golden and finally dipped in sugar syrup.The name says it all. A classic Italian starter combined with our very own tandoori chicken chunks. This is a great example of an East Meets West snack. Top toasted bread with a masaledar mix of tandoori chicken chunks preferably grilled over charcoal to add the quintessential smoky flavour. Each one of these dishes offer the best of both worlds and will definitely leave your guests wanting for more. We promise.GM Diet : What is GM Diet Plan and How Does it Help in Weight-Loss in 7 DaysPriya Prakash Varrier and Roshan Abdul Rahoof at an event in Abu Dhabi. (Image courtesy: Priya)

Highlights "Stay blessed," Priya captioned the photo Priya and Roshan are co-stars of Oru Adaar Love Oru Adaar Love will open in theatres in August

'Wink' queen Priya Prakash Varrier wished herco-star Roshan Abdul Rahoof on his birthday with an adorable Instagram post. No, it's not another video of her winking and him going gaga about it. Instead, Priya posted a picture of them taken at an event in Abu Dhabi earlier this month. "Happy birthday, to my favourite. I needn't say anything because you know it all. Stay blessed," she captioned the photo and tagged Roshan. Priya Prakash Varrier became an overnight Internet obsession after a teaser of the songfrom her upcoming Malayalam film went viral. She winked in the video and everyone reacted the way Roshan did onscreen.Here's what Priya Praksh Varrier posted:In March, Priya revealed in an Instagram post that she's getting many film offers but she cannot take up another project till August as she has to continue filming. "At the moment I'm getting a lot of offers from various industries. I would not be able to do any other films until August as we have not completedyet," she wrote.Priya may be declining films but she did take up an advertisement , which released in six languages including Malayalam and Hindi. Here's the Hindi version of the ad:is expected to release around Eid, when Salman Khan'swill also hit the screens.is directed by Omar Lulu. The film's aforementioned song, titled, also featured in headlines after a complaint was filed against Priya and the song alleging that it has inappropriate references to the wife of Prophet Muhammad. However, the Supreme Court put on hold all police cases against her and the songNoise cancelling earphones are a great way to isolate yourself from the hustle-bustle of everyday life. While traveling on the metro, working in the office or even listening to music at home, noise-cancelling earphones envelop you in a cocoon of your own thoughts.

Most such earphones are extremely expensive. There are very few examples out there that offer good active noise cancellation on a budget. The Samsung Level In ANC aims to fill this void with noise cancellation up to 20db, a rechargeable battery, and a premium design - all for less than Rs. 4,000.

Let's see if the Samsung Level In ANC is worth its Rs. 3,799 sticker price.

Samsung Level In ANC design

Despite being predominantly made of plastic, the Samsung Level In ANC looks and feels quite premium. The only traces of metal, on the outer edges of the earpiece housings, adds some much-needed design flair.

The right earpiece cable has a three-button inline remote with mic that is easy to use. The buttons can be distinguished by feel and are not mushy at all. The mic also performs well - we experienced no issues while on calls during our test period.

The one-metre-long cable is covered with a braided fabric which not only looks and feels great, but also prevents it from tangling. There is a fairly hefty inline module just after the 3.5mm plug that houses the battery and noise cancellation circuitry. The lack of a right-angled 3.5mm plug, which can better withstand the rigours of day to-day use, is a bit of a letdown.

Samsung Level In ANC performance

The Level In ANC earbuds are extremely comfortable thanks to their ergonomic shape and the ear-hooks that keep them in place even when working out. There are four sets of eartips bundled in the box - small, medium, large, and extra-large - making it easy to get a good fit.

The sound signature of the Samsung Level In ANC skews towards bass and treble, with the mids definitely taking a backseat, though the bass is quite punchy and does not distort, even at high volumes. The clarity is disappointing - it's difficult to tell instruments apart in densely layered recordings such as Radiohead's Kid A and Arcade Fire's Funeral. These earphones are best for genres such as EDM, R&B and Pop, in which vocals are not predominant and the focus is on the bass.

Samsung claims that the Level In ANC is capable of reducing external noise by up to 90 percent. Each earpiece has a microphone that picks up external noise. The device analyses ambient noise and creates inverted sound waves to cancel it out.

Unlike other noise cancelling earphones in this price range that take standard off-the-shelf AA batteries, the Level In ANC has a built-in rechargeable battery, which is extremely convenient. The earphones lasted around 6-7 hours on a single charge during our test period, which is less than the 9 hours promised by Samsung.

There are two noise cancellation modes to choose from - 'Talk-in mode' allows a certain amount of ambient sound in so that you can be aware of your surroundings, and 'ANC' activates noise cancellation to the fullest extent possible.

While the quality of noise cancellation pales in comparison to expensive products from the likes of Bose and Sony, what you get is good enough for the price. In fact, the Level In ANC does a better job at cutting out external noise than most other offerings in this price range.

While this pair of earphones does struggle a bit in extremely noisy environments such as the metro or a coffee shop, it is more than capable of cutting out distractions and letting you focus on your music or any other content in the office and at home.

However, the Level In ANC does emit quite a loud hiss, which becomes quite irritating when listening to soft acoustic tracks and music at low volumes. The 'Talk-in-mode' is a bit of a letdown because it's just a slightly lower level of noise cancellation. Similar modes in more expensive earphones intelligently filter in voices while blocking noise - which is much more useful.

Verdict

If noise cancellation is a must and your budget is tight, the Samsung Level In ANC is definitely worth looking at. These earphones are comfortable, have a rechargeable battery, and are built quite well. The noise cancelling is also fairly decent for the price.

However, the sound quality leaves a lot to be desired. If you can live without noise cancellation, you can find better-sounding earphones in this price range, such as the Fiio F3, SoundMagic EC 10, and Sennheiser CX 3.00.

Price: Rs 3,799 (MRP)

Pros

Good noise cancellation for the price

Rechargeable battery

Well designed remote

Cons

Average sound quality

Hissing at low volumes

Overall rating (Out of 5):Resource Centres For Online Refresher Programmes For Teachers Announced

NRCs For Online Refresher Programmes: Check complete list here

The Ministry of Human Resource Development (MHRD) has launched an initiative of online professional development of 1.5 million higher education faculty using the Massive Open Online Courses (MOOCs) platform SWAYAM . In the first phase, according to the HRD Ministry, 75 discipline-specific National Resource Centres (NRCs) have been identified which are tasked to prepare online training material with focus on latest developments in the discipline, new and emerging trends, pedagogical improvements and methodologies for transacting revised curriculum.A varied set of institutions such as, Centres under the Ministry's Pandit Madan Mohan Malaviya National Mission on Teachers and Teaching (PMMMNMTT) located in Central Universities, IISc, IUCAA, IITs, IISERs, NITs, State Universities; UGC's Human Resource Development Centres( HRDCs), National Institutes for Technical Teachers Training (NITTTRs), IIITs, Open Universities have been notified as NRCs.These NRCs cover wide ranging disciplines of Social Sciences, Sciences, Engineering and Technology, Design & Manufacturing, Humanities, Language Teaching, Commerce, Management, Education Planning and Administration, Public Policy, Leadership and Governance, Library and Information Science, Astronomy and Astrophysics, Assessment and Evaluation, Pedagogy and research methods , cutting edge areas of Nano-sciences, Internet of Things, etc.Under this initiative, all in-service teachers, irrespective of their subject and seniority will have an enabling opportunity to keep abreast of the latest developments in their disciplines through the technology based online refresher course.The NRCs will develop the Refresher Module which will include the latest trends in their earmarked discipline by June 15 each year.According to HRD, the training materials will be uploaded and made available through SWAYAM to all the teachers w.e.f. 1st October each year and based on the response, the course can be repeated in the following January.NRC will publish the list of the faculty who have been certified by 31st December, 2018.UGC will issue order/regulations for the purpose of Career Progression and APIs, said the Ministry. "Faculty can benefit from this initiative as it is highly flexible and can be done at one's own pace and time. The NRCs will revolutionize professional development of faculty by catering to massive numbers by leveraging ICT and online technology platform of SWAYAM," said a statement from MHRD.Click here for more Education NewsTrying to figure out which of these cars to buy? Compare the Maruti Suzuki Swift Vs Maruti Suzuki Swift on CarAndBike to make an informed buying decision as to which Car to buy in 2018. This comparison has been carried out on the basis of prices, engine specifications, mileage, and features of these cars.

Compare Price

The ex-showroom, New Delhi price of the Maruti Suzuki Swift Petrol starts at ₹ 5.43 Lakh and goes up to ₹ 8.19 Lakh for the fully-loaded Petrol model. The base Diesel version of the Maruti Suzuki Swift costs ₹ 6.51 Lakh, whereas the Diesel top-end costs ₹ 9.31 Lakh.

Compare Mileage

As for the claimed fuel efficiency, Maruti Suzuki Swift base Petrol engine returns 22 kmpl whereas the base Diesel returns 28 kmpl.

Compare Engine

In the powertrain department, the Maruti Suzuki Swift gets 1 Petrol and 1 Diesel engine options - 82 bhp Petrol and 74 bhp Diesel engines.Here are 5 benefits of push ups.If you stroll into a gym during peak hours you'll find people (mostly men) sweating, grunting and valiantly doing one push-up after another. With sturdy arms and a straight spine they'll lift themselves up and down till their bodies tremble and collapse back down on the ground. It makes me wonder, are push-ups really worth all the trouble?Martin Rooney, creator of the 'Training for Warrior System' seems to think that push-ups are the real deal: "Push-ups help build strength, burn more calories, increase mental toughness and instill confidence." They work every muscle in your body, from your neck to your toes, also strengthening your chest, abs, shoulders and triceps. No wonder an article published in The New York Times referred to push-ups as the 'ultimate barometer of fitness '.That said, if you're one of those people who remain essentially motionless through the day, except when you squirm around for water or bathroom breaks, doing push-ups a few times a week will serve as a great workout . Here's why:- By working on a large number of muscles in your body , push-ups help tremendously for a fitter you. Push-ups help you focus on your arms, abs and your lower body, all at the same time. They train your muscles to work together and become stronger.- According to David Nordmark, author of the book Pushups for Everyone: Perfect Pushup Workout for Muscle Growth, Strength & Endurance, "push-ups help improve your reaction time by helping to train your proprioceptive muscle fibers. These fibers are microscopic nerves that keep your body balanced. When you attempt a push-up these nerves are firing constantly in an effort to keep your body from tipping over. This trains them to respond more quickly to stimulation which aids your balance and speed."- With age, you start to lose muscle density which alters the way in which your body uses and burns energy. One of the things exercise intends to do is maintain if not improve muscle density. This does not mean that you'll see results with a few push-ups. An article on the website Fitness Black & White outlines the ideal number of push-ups you need to do to build muscle mass in different parts of your body.

1. Chest, Shoulders and Triceps - 4 sets of 12-15 reps

2. Back and Biceps - 4 sets of 12-15 reps

3. Legs and Abs - 4 sets of 12-15 reps







4. Upper Body Definition - Push-ups have sometimes been labeled as the one of the most suitable upper body workouts and for good reason. According to LaReine Chabut, "When you do a push-up, you recruit your core muscles to help keep your back straight and assist you in pulling your belly button toward your spine." They sculpt not just your arms but your chest, back and shoulders.



5. A Strong Core - If you're looking for washboard abs and a strong core, then push-ups might just be the perfect starting point. By core, we mean the abdominal section, waist, side of the waist and everything right down to the pelvis. Strong core muscles allow you to do physical activities with ease, help with back problems and maintain good posture.



A video posted by @rawcalisthenics on Mar 14, 2016 at 7:12pm PDT

-

distribution changes with difference in the angle of your body so don't let your hips loose. Keep them tight and aligned with your neck and feet. Any kind of weight distribution can hamper with the kind of resistance you're trying to build. When your shoulders are aligned with your feet, your arms are working more than your feet. And when your body assumes an upward slant (moving up from your feet), you lower body is building more resistance.

- A 2005 study suggests that placing your hands wider than the shoulder width and in line with the shoulder may be an optimum efficient hand position for push-up performance. This wide position would also result in less fatigue or exhaustion.

- While lifting your body off the ground make sure you aren't lifting your shoulders but are only moving your shoulder blades backwards.

Watching someone do a push-up makes it seem real hard, but it doesn't have to be. Read these tips before you attempt one and with a little practice, you'll be swift in no time.- Yes, it does matter how many push-ups you can get through, but not when you're doing them in the wrong motion.- Make sure your legs, hips, neck and head are in one straight line. Slowly, but gradually lift them off the floor and come back down in the exact same position. If you can't go all the way up and come back down then try one of the variations to see which one you can follow to the T.This IS the on road price we have on the oage: https://auto.ndtv.com/hero-bikes/splendor-plus

SVPZenFone Max Pro M1 will to be available for purchase in India again on May 10, the company has announced in a statement. The ZenFone Max Pro M1 smartphone, which was launched last week, went out of stock shortly after its pre-orders kicked off on Thursday exclusively via Flipkart. Asus hasn't provided any details about the number of units it sold through the first pre-orders round; however, it does say in a press statement that the smartphone has received a "tremendous response" from Indian customers. The new ZenFone Max Pro M1 model is designed to take on the Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro that is also one of the widely popular smartphones in the under Rs. 15,000 price bracket. It offers a stock Android experience and has features such as a thin-bezel display and a dual rear camera setup to persuade customers.

Asus ZenFone Max Pro M1 price in India

The Asus ZenFone Max Pro M1 price in India has been set at Rs. 10,999 for the 3GB RAM and 32GB internal storage variant. The 4GB RAM and 64GB storage variant, on the other hand, comes at Rs. 12,999. Asus also announced a 6GB RAM and 64GB storage variant of the ZenFone Max Pro M1 with a price tag of Rs. 14,999. However, the release date for this last variant hasn't been revealed.

Asus is offering the ZenFone Max Pro M1 in Midnight Black and Grey colour options. Furthermore, Vodafone prepaid subscribers buying the new ZenFone handset will get 10GB of complementary data per month for 12 months on recharges of Rs. 199 and above, while Vodafone postpaid subscribers on Rs. 399 Red plan will get 10GB of additional data a month for a year. Subscribers on Rs. 499 Vodafone Red plan will get additional free Red Protect access free.

Asus Zenfone Max Pro M1 Review

Asus ZenFone Max Pro M1 specifications

The dual-SIM (Nano) Asus ZenFone Max Pro M1 runs a pure version of Android 8.1 Oreo and features a 5.99-inch full-HD+ (1080x2160 pixels) IPS FullView display with an 18:9 aspect ratio. Under the hood, there is an octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 636 SoC,coupled with Adreno 509 GPU and up to 6GB of RAM. The dual rear camera setup on the ZenFone Max Pro M1 sports a 13-megapixel primary Omnivision sensor with an f/2.2 aperture and a 5-megapixel secondary sensor. On the front, there is an 8-megapixel sensor with an f/2.0 aperture, 85.5-degree wide-angle view, five-piece lens.

The ZenFone Max Pro M1 has 4G VoLTE, Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n, Bluetooth v4.2, GPS/ A-GPS, Micro-USB, and a 3.5mm headphone jack. Sensors on board include an ambient light sensor, accelerometer, proximity sensor, and a rear-facing fingerprint sensor. The smartphone packs a 5000mAh battery and weighs 180 grams.

We discussed whether Asus Zenfone Max Pro M1 is a Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro killer on Orbital, our weekly technology podcast, which you can subscribe to via Apple Podcasts or RSS, download the episode, or just hit the play button below.© Thomson Reuters 2017

Facing lawsuits and consumer outrage after it said it slowed older iPhones with flagging batteries, Apple Inc is slashing prices for battery replacements and will change its software to show users whether their phone battery is good.In a posting on its website Thursday, Apple apologized over its handling of the battery issue and said it would make a number of changes for customers "to recognize their loyalty and to regain the trust of anyone who may have doubted Apple's intentions."Apple made the move to address concerns about the quality and durability of its products at a time when it is charging $999 for its newest flagship model, the iPhone X.The company said it would cut the price of an out-of-warranty battery replacement from $79 to $29 for an iPhone 6 or later, starting next month. The company also will update its iOS operating system to let users see whether their battery is in poor health and is affecting the phone's performance."We know that some of you feel Apple has let you down," Apple said in its posting. "We apologize."On Dec. 20, Apple acknowledged that iPhone software has the effect of slowing down some phones with battery problems. Apple said the problem was that aging lithium batteries delivered power unevenly, which could cause iPhones to shutdown unexpectedly to protect the delicate circuits inside.That disclosure played on a common belief among consumers that Apple purposely slows down older phones to encourage customers to buy newer iPhone models. While no credible evidence has ever emerged that Apple engaged in such conduct, the battery disclosure struck a nerve on social media and elsewhere.Apple on Thursday denied that it has ever done anything to intentionally shorten the life of a product. At least eight lawsuits have been filed in California, New York and Illinois alleging that the company defrauded users by slowing devices down without warning them. The company also faces a legal complaint in France, where so-called "planned obsolesce" is against the law.Wimbledon chiefs have admitted they will hold an internal debate to clarify if seven-time champion Serena Williams can be seeded at Wimbledon. Serena is currently 449th in the WTA rankings after taking time off to get married and have her first child last year. Following the difficult birth of daughter Alexis Olympia, which left the American star fearing she might die after developing blood clots, Serena has played only two singles tournaments. The 36-year-old lost to her sister Venus in the last 32 at Indian Wells and was beaten by Naomi Osaka in the first round in Miami.

However, Miami Open tournament director James Blake said recently that the 23-time Grand Slam winner had been "punished" for wanting to start a family.

The WTA provides players returning from injury lay-offs or pregnancy with a 'protected ranking' that can be used to enter tournaments, but not for seeding at those tournaments.

Players can enter eight events using the ranking they had when they left, including for two Premier Mandatory events and two Grand Slams.

But players who hold the protected ranking for any reason, on both the men's and women's tours, can't be seeded even if their protected ranking merits it.

World number one Simona Halep said Serena should have been the top seed in Indian Wells because after she contested her last tournament before stepping away from the game, she was on top of the rankings.

Despite her difficult return to action, Serena is registered on the entry list for the French Open in June, with Wimbledon scheduled to get underway one month later.

Serena, whose last Grand Slam appearance was her victorious 2017 Australian Open campaign, would have a good case to be seeded at both the French Open and especially Wimbledon, given her remarkable record on the All England Club lawns.

She had won the tournament in 2015 and 2016 before missing last year's edition.

However, Victoria Azarenka, a two-time Grand Slam winner, wasn't seeded when she returned to tennis in 2017 after giving birth in 2016.

Azarenka was ranked fifth in her last tournament prior to her time away from tennis due to her pregnancy.

And, asked on Tuesday, where they stood on the issue of giving Serena a seeding, Wimbledon officials conceded the question would be reviewed.

"It's a good detailed question that we will for sure address at our meeting," All England Club chairman Philip Brook told reporters at Wimbledon's spring press conference.

"It is totally different from an injury. We have empathy and sympathy for the point being made.

"Our understanding is that if a player is outside the top 32 in terms of their ranking, then they will not be seeded."

Wimbledon's seeding guidelines appeared to give leeway to allow Serena to be among the 32 seeds, but Brook said that wasn't necessarily the case.

"The reason there is reference to the top 32 in the men's is there needs to be a reference point," he added.

"We know for the top 32 we are adjusting for the surface based seeding. For the ladies we don't have that issue.

"So maybe those words didn't refer to the 32 because they didn't need to. We need to double check that."A post shared by disha patani (paatni) (@dishapatani) on May 2, 2018 at 5:49am PDTAsus ZenFone Max Pro M1 smartphone was launched in April 2018. The phone comes with a 5.99-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 1080 pixels by 2160 pixels. Asus ZenFone Max Pro M1 price in India starts from Rs. 10,999.

The Asus ZenFone Max Pro M1 is powered by octa-core processor and it comes with 3GB of RAM. The phone packs 32GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 2000GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Asus ZenFone Max Pro M1 packs a 13-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 8-megapixel front shooter for selfies.

The Asus ZenFone Max Pro M1 runs Android 8.1 Oreo and is powered by a 5000mAh. It measures 159.00 x 76.00 x 8.46 (height x width x thickness) and weighs 180.00 grams.

The Asus ZenFone Max Pro M1 is a dual SIM (GSM and GSM) smartphone that accepts Nano-SIM and Nano-SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, 3G and 4G (with support for Band 40 used by some LTE networks in India). Sensors on the phone include Compass/ Magnetometer, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Ambient light sensor and Gyroscope.A corporate fixed deposit is a debt issued by company sold to investors

Highlights Saving instruments are offered by banks, post offices, among others Rate of interest, liquidity must be considered before investment is made Fixed deposits are one of the most popular saving instruments

When the time horizon of your investment is longer than a year, you could choose among a spectrum of financial assets to park your money in. However, when the time frame becomes shorter than a year, the number of viable savings options gets fewer, especially the ones offering a handsome rate of return. In a bid to earn a higher rate of interest , one often gets tempted to put the money in low-rating stocks. This calls for caution and calculated risk. But before one takes a call, one must understand the nuances of investment options and their features in detail. The short-term financial assets include fixed deposits (FDs), corporate fixed deposits, post office term deposits , recurring deposits (RDs), and sweep-in fixed deposits, among various other not-so-popular financial bets.It's pertinent that one zeroes in on the financial asset on the basis of rate of return on offer, risk involved, credit rating of the instrument, liquidity, among other factors.The bank fixed deposits are the saving instruments that help the depositor make a considerable quantum of return, which is marginally higher than the prevailing rate of inflation. The rate of return is not high but the capital remains extremely secure and safe.The advantages of fixed deposit accounts are similar to those of bond. They pay fixed amounts of interest each year and guarantee return of principal at a set date in the future. Both investments are essentially loans that the investor makes in exchange for interest payments.A corporate fixed deposit is a debt issued by company sold to investors. Usually, the debt quality is determined by the payment ability of the company, which relates to the money to be earned from its business operations. In some cases, the company's physical assets may be used as collateral for bonds. They are higher risk in nature when compared to a bank fixed deposits, since they run the risk of the issuer defaulting on repayments. Secured corporate FDs are safer than the unsecured ones, but offer higher returns as well. Since risk and rewards go hand in hand, thee corporate debt typically offer 200-250 basis point higher returns than the bank FDs at any point in timeIt is an account that may be opened by an individual. The interest is payable annually, but calculated quarterly. An investor can open an account with a minimum amount of Rs 200 and in the multiple thereof. There is no maximum limit.Recurring Deposit is a form of term deposit offered by banks, helping people with regular incomes to deposit a fixed amount every month into their recurring deposit account so as to earn interest at the rate applicable to the fixed deposits. The recurring deposit matures on a specific date along with all the deposits made every month. Thus, recurring deposit schemes enable the depositors to accumulate their savings by making monthly deposits of fixed sum over a period of time. Minimum period of recurring deposit is six months while the maximum is 10 years.The sweep-in fixed deposit is the default fixed deposit done at the behest of the customer by the bank when the savings account has more money than the minimum amount. And as and when the customer needs more money, one can ask the bank to the transfer or sweep in funds to the savings account. This effectively offers you the interest rates of fixed deposit, while retaining the flexibility of savings account.The woman who once laughed along with people making fat jokes about her has now come a long way and how. In very exciting and absolutely fitting news, actress Parineeti Chopra today announced that she is now the official brand ambassador for world's leading swimwear label, Speedo. What, what! In our opinion, Speedo, a leading swimwear and workout gear brand couldn't have found a better ambassador. And we will tell you exactly why, but check out this grand announcement first, made by Parineeti on her Instagram account.



Many of you might be wondering "Wait, what? Why?" Allow us to tell you that it is not for nothing. You might not know this but Parineeti is an out and out water baby. She is big on scuba diving and her Instagram doesn't hold back on her underwater adventures.

Parineeti Chopra's is a heartwarming tale of dedication, steadfastness, and resolution. Once shamed for her weight - as compared to the celestial beings of Bollywood, we should specify - the Ishaqzaade actress is now among the fittest celebrities around. A couple of years ago, Parineeti dropped several kilos with workouts and better diet and showed off a toned new look. She detailed her before-after journey on Instagram, addressing 'Bollywood pressure' and how she feels more confident now.

No surprises that Parineeti feels on top of the word because she certainly looks like a million bucks:

#BuiltThatWay A post shared by Parineeti Chopra (@parineetichopra) on Dec 9, 2015 at 4:35am PST

Snorkeling, scuba-diving and busting moves at the gym - all in all, Parineeti Chopra has fully earned her Speedo appointment. And we can't imagine anyone else for the job now that this water-sign-Scorpio actress is true to her element.For a country that gets abundant sunlight (at least for most parts of the year) it's strange to find a significant part of our population being diagnosed with Vitamin D deficiency. It's almost become a pandemic.Vitamin D or the 'sunshine vitamin' is an essential nutrient that keeps the bones and teeth healthy. It also plays a major role in regulation and absorption of calcium in the body. "Calcium strengthens the bones but is only useful in the presence of Vitamin D. The Vitamin acts on cells in the body and allows them to absorb calcium from the intestines. This ensures that there is enough calcium for the body to use. So essentially, one cannot do without the other" says nutritionist Niharika Ahluwalia."I would recommend consumption of more of high protein and calcium foods like homemade white butter, broccoli, avocado, kiwi and papaya. Also cereals like all your whole wheat grains including, barley and soy beanand dry fruits like walnut and peanuts also help in overcoming a Vitamin D deficiency ," she added.Physicians and nutritionists see this deficiency as a serious medical condition. Vitamin D has several important functions. It helps increase bone density and improves the body's resistance against certain diseases. It plays an important role in warding off chronic ailments like heart diseases and diabetes. And finally, it promotes cell growth and strengthens the immune system.We suggest you bulk up on these 5 foods to get your required dose of Vitamin D.

Mushrooms are the best natural sources of Vitamin D

The power of mushrooms will leave you astounded. Include them in your diet four times a week and watch your Vitamin D levels shoot up. They can be cooked, baked or pan fried and turned into a tasty and healthy delight. In order to reap more benefits you can sun dry them before consumption. Mushrooms can naturally produce Vitamin D when exposed to sunlight.

Ricotta cheese is a good source of Vitamin D

Who doesn't love cheese? Cheese can single-handedly provide more satisfaction than any other food and we're thrilled to give you another reason to enjoy it. Cheese is one of the top 5 foods high on Vitamin D. Well, spreading an additional layer of cheese on that morning slice of toast may not be such a bad idea after all. Ricotta cheese provides the maximum amount of Vitamin D amongst others.

The flesh of fatty fish & fish liver oils are good sources of Vitamin D

All kinds of fish are high on Vitamin D. Typically oily or fatty fish contain more Vitamin D than less oily fish. An example of oily fish would be a juicy thick fillet of salmon. Other common options are trout, mackerel, tuna or eel.

Vitamin D is concentrated in the egg yolk

Egg yolk is back in vogue and this time it's here to stay. Since the vitamin D in an egg comes from its yolk, it's important to use the whole egg--not just the whites. So bid farewell to the egg white craze and indulge in the most nutritious part of the egg.

While cow's milk is a great source of calcium, soy milk is packed with Vitamin D

Soy milk is a plant-based milk produced by soaking dry soybeans and grinding them with water. While it contains the same amount of protein as regular cow's milk it boasts of high Vitamin D, Vitamin C and iron.Delhi Daredevils finish on a high in the end despite that wobble in the death overs. 17 came off the final over which takes Delhi to 163/5. They were 125/2 at 15 overs, going great guns with Iyer and Pant in the middle. But a mixture of brainfade and terrific execution of slower balls and yorkers by SRH bowlers choked the run-flow. Young Shaw flickered away, giving the much needed boost at the top with his second fifty of the season. What a comeback by SRH, their bowlers are just so good at the fag end of the innings. It's a must-win game for DD, let's see if their bowlers can restrict the SRH batting. Table-toppers Sunrisers Hyderabad (SRH) will be aiming to cement their playoff berth when they take on a struggling Delhi Daredevils (DD) in an Indian Premier League (IPL) game at the Rajiv Gandhi International Stadium. With six wins from eight games and 12 points in their kitty, Hyderabad boasts of one of the best bowling attacks in the ongoing IPL season. Delhi, on the other hand, has managed to carve out just three wins from nine games and are placed at the sixth place in the points table. Skipper Williamson has carried Hyderabad's batting on his shoulders, amassing 322 runs from eight innings with an average of 46. However, Shikhar Dhawan and Wriddhiman Saha have not given the required support to Hyderabad's batting. Saha has been poor with the bat with just 79 runs from seven games while Dhawan has been a bit better with 152 runs from seven innings. Yusuf Pathan has also failed to fire on several occasions, a thing which he is known for. Hyderabad's strength mostly relies on their bowlers, who didn't let Bhuvneshwar Kumar's absence felt in last few matches as the medium-pacer is suffering a back injury. Williamson is, however, hopeful that Bhuvneshwar will be fit for the game against Delhi. The side has succeeded in defending low totals as they bundled out formidable Kings XI Punjab for just 119 in 19.2 overs while defending a target of 132. (Play Fantasy Cricket & Win Lakhs everyday!)What are the normal values for a Widal test?

Answered by: Dr Anuj Sharma | World Health Organization,

Country Office for India,

New Delhi

Q: I am 38 years old. What are the normal values for a Widal test by agglutination methods? What are the values that should be considered normal and what values should be diagnostic of typhoid fever?

A:

The Widal test is one of the most over-utilised diagnostic tests for typhoid fever in developing countries ever since its introduction over 100 years ago. This test demonstrates the presence of somatic (O) and flagellar (H) agglutinins to Salmonella typhi in the patient's serum using suspensions of O and H antigens. Antigens of S. paratyphi A and S. paratyphi B are included in most commercial kits. The recommended method of performing the Widal test is by the tube agglutination technique where serial two-fold dilutions of the subject's serum from 1:20 to 1:1280 are tested. There are many controversies regarding the Widal test especially involving the quality of the antigens used and interpretation of the result, particularly in endemic areas. There has been no consensus on the diagnostic titre for a single Widal test. The O agglutinins are first to appear and H agglutinins appear later and last for a longer time than O agglutinins. Traditionally, a positive Widal test is based on a fourfold rise in O agglutinins in repeated tests or a titre of > 1:160 (in endemic areas like India) in a single test. From the sensitivity and specificity data, it is clear that some culture proven cases of typhoid fever may be associated with a negative Widal test particularly if done early in the course of illness, so that the predictive value of negative Widal test is limited. Culture isolation of Salmonella typhi from blood and bone marrow is the standard diagnostic test to confirm typhoid fever. A single Widal test in an endemic area is of no diagnostic value. In addition, it should not be used as a screening test in asymptomatic individuals. Neither should a negative Widal test rule out the diagnosis of typhoid fever in patients with signs and symptoms of the disease since a negative Widal test may be seen early in the course of illness. It is also affected by prior immunisation, antibiotic treatment and immune responsiveness of the individual.

Also read: Is my wife suffering from typhoid?



(Adapted from http://www.psmid.org.ph/vol20/vol20num1topic5.pdf)NPS offers subscribers to design their own portfolio

Pension fund regulator PFRDA on Thursday announced that the National Pension System (NPS) subscribers will now have the option to partially withdraw funds from their accounts for pursuing higher education or setting up new business. The decision was taken at the board meeting of the Pension Fund and Regulatory Development Authority (PFRDA) last week."Partial withdrawals will now be allowed to National Pension System (NPS) subscribers who wish to improve their employability or acquire new skills by pursuing higher education/ acquiring professional and technical qualifications," the PFRDA said in a statement. At present, NPS and Atal Pension Yojna (APY), both regulated by the PFRDA, have a cumulative subscriber base of over 2.13 crore with total asset under management (AUM) of over Rs 2.38 lakh crore.Also Read: Post Office Saving Schemes: National Pension System (NPS) Income Tax Benefits, Transaction Charges 1. Partial withdrawal is allowed for the education of subscribers and also for setting up of business. The subscribers who wish to set up a new business or acquire new business will also be allowed to make partial withdrawals from their contributions. NPS is government's flagship social security programme.2. The board also decided to increasing the cap on equity investment in 'active choice' category to 75 per cent from current 50 per cent for private sector subscribers of NPS. However, the option of increasing investment in equity will be available to subscribers till the age of 50 years.3. NPS offers subscribers to design their own portfolio based on two investment options -- 'Auto Choice' and 'Active Choice'. Subscribers opting for 'active choice' option, can invest in 'Alternate Investment Fund' up to 5 per cent, besides the three regular instruments -- equity, G-Secs and corporate bonds.Also Read: NPS New Rule: Bank Account, Mobile Number Made Mandatory For Subscribers 4. The PFRDA board also approved a proposal on changing the investment grade rating from 'AA' to 'A' for corporate bonds. "The change is subject to a cap on investments in 'rated bonds to be not more than 10 per cent of the overall corporate bond portfolio of the pension funds," it said. This initiative will enlarge the scope of investment for the fund managers while ensuring credit quality, it added. The PFRDA has taken this decision in pursuance of an announcement in the Union Budget.5. A proposal on adoption of Common Stewardship Code, as a measure of good corporate governance, was also approved. "Further, it was also approved that the principles enumerated in such code shall be circulated to all pension funds for compliance and implementation," the PFRDA said in the release. Adoption of these Principles by Pension Funds will improve their engagement with investee companies and benefit subscribers, it added.Dieselgate is the biggest (and dirtiest) scandal to ever hit the global automotive industry. And now in a rather unexpected development, the United States Justice Department has disclosed that it has filed criminal charges against Volkswagen's ex-CEO Martin Winterkorn. The charges have been filed accusing him of a conspiracy to cover up the Volkswagen Group's emissions cheating between 2006 and 2015 when it was finally uncovered. Martin Winterkorn had resigned days after news of the Scandal broke in September 2015. The Justice Department has charged him with four felony counts, including conspiracy to defraud the United States, wire fraud and violating the Clean Air Act.

According to Reuters, the United States indictment of Martin Winterkorn is largely a symbolic one. Although Winterkorn is already under investigation in Germany over the Dieselgate scandal, it is unlikely that as a German citizen he will ever actually be extradited to the United States to face trial. The charging and prosecution of CEOs in major corporate scandal or crisis is rare, a precedent set by the United States federal government after the 2007 financial crisis. In comparison, no individuals of the Toyota Motor Corporation were charged in connection to the unintended acceleration issues and similarly, no individuals at General Motors were charged in connection to the ignition switch defect that also claimed the lives of a few drivers.

In 2017, the Volkswagen Group settled criminal charges with the United States Justice Department over the Dieselgate scandal for a sum of $4.3 billion. The Volkswagen group will also be spending close to $25 billion in the United States alone to address class action lawsuits and claims from owners, environmental regulators and dealers. Volkswagen has also been forced to buy back over 5 lakh running vehicles from owners, which have now been stored in lots around the country.

For the latest auto news and reviews, follow CarAndBike on Twitter, Facebook, and subscribe to our YouTube channel.GST Council discussed the imposition of cess on sugar over and above the 5% GST

Highlights GST Council approves new system of filing returns Taxpayers will be meant to file monthly returns The prevailing system of return filing will continue for six months

The GST Council on Friday paved way for the single form GST return based on the recommendations of the GoM (group of ministers) on IT simplification. The GST return filing will now happen only once every month compared to the three returns a month followed earlier. Union Finance Secretary Hasmukh Adhia claimed that the newly introduce monthly return filing system will be effective in the next six months and the present system of filing of return through GSTR 3B and GSTR 1 forms would continue for not more than six months. Besides this, the GST council meet on Friday also gave a green signal to making the GST Network a government entity as it is set to take over the 51% stake that is currently being held by the private entities. The meet of GST Council, the highest decision making body in the GST regime, on Friday was held via video conferencing since the Union finance minister Arun Jaitley is not keeping well and under the medical supervision for his kidney and infection related ailments.1. GST Taxpayers excluding a few exceptions like composition dealer shall file one monthly return. Return filing dates shall be staggered based on the turnover of the registered person to manage load on the IT system. Composition dealers and dealers having nil transaction shall have facility to file quarterly return. Vishal Raheja, DGM GST, Taxmann, welcomed the simplification of GST filing process. He said,"One of the major decision for simplified return has been finally approved by the Council. This has been a significant step as one return in place of three monthly returns is a welcome move."2.: There shall be unidirectional flow of invoices uploaded on GST Network by the seller on anytime basis during the month which would be the valid document to avail input tax credit by the buyer. Buyer would also be able to continuously see the uploaded invoices during the month.3.The B2B dealers will have to fill invoice-wise details of the outward supply made by them, based on which the system will automatically calculate his tax liability. The input tax credit will be calculated automatically by the system based on invoices uploaded by his sellers. Taxpayer shall be also given user friendly IT interface and offline IT tool to upload the invoices.4:Keeping in view the need to move towards a less cash economy , the Council has discussed in detail the proposal of a concession of 2% in GST rate (where the GST rate is 3% or more, 1% each from applicable CGST and SGST rates) on B2C supplies, for which payment is made through cheque or digital mode, subject to a ceiling of Rs. 100 per transaction, so as to incentivise promotion of digital payment. The council has recommended for setting up of a Group of Ministers from State Governments to look into the proposal and make recommendations, before the next Council meeting, keeping in mind the views expressed in GST Council.5.The council deliberated over the imposition of cess on sugar over and above 5% GST and also over the reduction in GST rate on ethanol. Keeping in view the record production of sugar in the current sugar season, and consequent depressed sugar prices and build-up of sugarcane arrears, the Council discussed the issue of imposition of sugar cess and reduction in GST rate on ethanol in great detail. The council has recommended for setting up of a Group of Ministers from State Governments to look into the proposal and make recommendations, within two weeks, keeping in mind the views expressed in GST Council in this regard.Ferrari's championship leader Sebastian Vettel smiled with relief Saturday after he had claimed pole for Sunday's Azerbaijan Grand Prix ahead of a revived Lewis Hamilton for Mercedes in a crash-strewn qualifying session. The German, who leads the defending four-time champion by nine points after three races this season, clocked a best lap in one minute and 41.498 seconds to sweep to the prime starting spot. It was an emphatic demonstration of his and Ferrari’s pace after he had struggled in practice on Friday. It was his third consecutive pole position and the 53rd of his career. "In the end, I knew I had the car I wanted and it did what I wanted… The first lap was good and it was good enough in the end so I am happy," said Vettel.

Hamilton was 0.179 seconds adrift after an improved showing that left him ahead of Mercedes team-mate Valtteri Bottas, Daniel Ricciardo, and his Red Bull team-mate Max Verstappen.

"That was close," said Hamilton.

"We did the best job we could and I think I lost a little bit in the final sector, but Sebastian did a great job. We are in the mix and I am hoping to give him a hard time in the race."

Bottas said: “We can fight them here and we are starting very close. This race can be crazy, but we have a good starting point.”

Kimi Raikkonen wound up sixth in the second Ferrari after an eventful session and a huge slide on his final flying lap.

Esteban Ocon was seventh ahead of his Force India team-mate Sergio Perez, Nico Hulkenberg who faces a five-place grid penalty for a gearbox change, and his Renault team-mate Carlos Sainz.

In cool and overcast conditions, with a strong breeze, the opening Q1 session began briskly, but was soon interrupted when Romain Grosjean’s Haas car came to a halt in an escape road at Turn Three, his gearbox jammed.

He was unable to rejoin while the action was controlled by yellow flags. As a result, Ocon was briefly fastest ahead of Hulkenberg and Sergey Sirotkin, back in action after his crash in morning practice.

'Unacceptable'

For Hulkenberg, it was encouraging despite knowing he faced a five-place grid penalty for a gearbox change.

More drama followed in the final minutes of Q1 when Pierre Gasly almost clipped his Red Bull team-mate Brendon Hartley. Taking avoiding action, Gasly bounced over the kerbs at Turn 15 and into an escape road.

The Frenchman was furious, screaming at the New Zealander over the team radio. Told Hartley had a puncture he said: "Unacceptable".

"Sorry guys," said Hartley. "I was trying to get out of the way, but it was too late. I went the wrong way. I feel pretty stupid."

This incident resulted in them both being eliminated in 17th and 19th positions along with the luckless Grosjean. Also out went Stoffel Vandoorne of McLaren and Marcus Ericsson of Sauber.

In Q2 more drama saw Raikkonen going straight on, at Turn 15, and Lance Stroll also left the track.

Bottas led the way ahead of Verstappen and Vettel before Raikkonen went off again and a persistent Hamilton topped the charts ahead of his team-mate by 0.003 seconds until Raikkonen, racing with fury on a set of ultra-softs, roared to the head of the lap-times in the final seconds.

All this left Stroll in 11th place ahead of Williams team-mate Sirotkin, Fernando Alonso of McLaren, Charles Leclerc of Sauber and Kevin Magnussen of Haas.

On their first flying runs, Vettel outpaced Hamilton by three-tenths ahead of Bottas and the Red Bulls with Raikkonen sixth, following a scary off-road excursion at Turn 16. "I was on the kerb and couldn’t steer," said the Finn.Mozilla has released a new Firefox version (v60) for Android devices that brings the new Quantum CSS engine, also called Stylo. The CSS engine originally arrived on desktops through Firefox 57 late last year. Its existence on mobile devices is touted to enable faster page rendering that can be experienced by downloading the Firefox 60 for Android. The latest Firefox version is presently rolling out via Google Play, though the CSS engine was previously enabled on the Firefox for Android beta.

As detailed at the time of its rollout for desktop users, the Quantum CSS engine brings the optimisations of Chrome and Safari to enhance the web browsing experience on Firefox. It uses CPU to split up style computation for the different DOM (Document Object Model) nodes to make page rendering speedier than before. Mozilla's engineers first planned to bring the advanced CSS engine to Firefox for Android alongside its desktop release in November last year, but it was postponed to the Firefox 59 version that was released in March. However, the company ultimately scheduled its arrival for Firefox 60 that is now rolling out for devices running Android 4.1 or later, as reported by Android Police.

Alongside the Quantum CSS engine, Firefox 60 for Android has brought a View Page Source option that can be accessed from the Page Action menu. This makes it easier for web developers to view the source code of a webpage. The new Firefox version also has tons of security fixes to deliver a secured web browsing experience.

You can check the availability of Firefox 60 for your Android device by visiting Google Play. Alternatively, you can download the APK file of the latest version from APK Mirror.Almost 700 out of 834 cashew processing units have shut down in the last two years

Highlights 84 per cent of cashew processing units in Kerala have closed in 2 years These units employed 3 lakh people, mostly women, now left without jobs Most of these processing units are located in Kollam district

Many women have to work odd jobs since the cashew processing unit shut down 2 years ago

Most of these processing units are located in Kollam district

Within a minute of talking to Bindu S, she chokes and holds back her tears, as she speaks. She has been without a job for nearly two years, and has an elderly mother and a son to feed at home. She used to earn at least Rs 1,500 every week at the nearby cashew processing unit, a skill she mastered in nearly 15 years. But since that unit was shut in 2016, she does odd jobs at people's houses occasionally, to feed her family members. Bindu S is barely 39.Cashew processing units in Kerala once employed around three lakh people - mostly women - who now have been left without jobs, claim industry insiders. Almost 700 out of 834 cashew processing units - around 84 per cent in Kerala - have shut down in the last two years. Most of these processing units are located in Kollam district - earlier world famous for export of cashew kernels.Usha Kumari, in her 50s, with her husband bed ridden, speaks to us as her tears trickle down, unstoppable. "It's even difficult to think about rice soup on some nights. I have no support, except this job here. Have tried in other places, but there are no jobs nearby," Usha Kumari says.But it's not just the workers. Owners like Rajesh K, with a 12-year-old daughter, shows us his house which now been possessed by a bank after he defaulted on the loan payment and his processing unit in Kollam was declared a non-performing asset. His wife stands by his side, wiping her tears.He is not an exception."The price of kernels has increased two fold. But the raw nut price has increased five times and are hardly available for procurement. This industry is destroyed," explains Susheelan Pillai, who has a liability of crores pending.The reasons for the downfall are stark. The cost of raw cashew has steeped globally and in Kerala, lack of mechanisation has added to the woes - a victory for Vietnam which has emerged as a cheaper global alternative."From Zero import duty, the central government imposed a 9.36 per cent import duty in 2015. This made the survival of small scale entrepreneurs like us, extremely tough. Currently the import duty is reduced to 2.5 per cent, but even that is very high for us. We have nothing left to pay," says Shashidharan Achary, an entrepreneur who invested his hard earned savings to start a cashew processing unit about 18 years ago.After Kerala Chief Minister Pinarayi Vijayan's interventions, a temporary moratorium exists on any bank action till May 31. But, with each passing day, fear seems to be rising. "We have seen the Chief Minister of Kerala, we have met the cashew minister, all the concerned officials in the secretariat. We have given petitions to central commerce minister and Minister of State. But so far nothing has been done," Mr Sashidharan says, demanding a recovery package.The state government insists that while it is looking at various options to deal with this crisis, a lot also depends upon banks."We can help the existing players to revive their businesses only if banks cooperate with us. For fresh loans, government is in a position to facilitate loans at a lesser interest. A cashew board has been put into place," J Mercykutty Amma, Minister for Fisheries, Harbour Engineering and Cashew Industry, told NDTV.CarandBike Team (With Inputs from PTI) May 05, 2018 05:49 PM

he company is called S3 and it says that it's more driver-focused in terms of fees and over-all...Donald Trump has threatened to levy new tariffs on $150 billion of Chinese imports (File)

China is "very spoiled" by trade wins over America, US President Donald Trump said late Friday, as a top business delegation headed back to America after high-stakes talks with Beijing.The two days of talks were aimed at forestalling momentum towards a looming conflict between the world's two largest economies, with both sides prepared to pull the trigger on tariffs that could affect trade in billions of dollars of goods. Our high level delegation is on the way back from China where they had long meetings with Chinese leaders and business representatives," Trump wrote in a tweet."We will be meeting tomorrow to determine the results, but it is hard for China in that they have become very spoiled with US trade wins," he added.The American president has accused China of unfair trade practices that have driven up the US goods deficit with the Asian giant. Washington has also alleged "theft" of American intellectual property by China.The discussions promised a potential off-ramp for the trade conflict. Trump has threatened to levy new tariffs on $150 billion of Chinese imports while Beijing shot back with a list of $50 billion in targeted US goods."Both sides recognise there are still big differences on some issues and that they need to continue to step up their work to make progress," China said in a statement released by the official Xinhua state news agency."The two sides exchanged views on expanding US exports to China , trade in services, bilateral investment, protection of intellectual property rights, resolution of tariffs and non-tariff measures."It added that they had reached "a consensus in some areas", without elaborating. The agency said both sides had agreed to establish a "working mechanism" to continue talks.Beijing has promised reform on several fronts in recent months -- including lifting foreign ownership restrictions for automakers and allowing foreign investors to take controlling stakes in financial firms.But a list of US demands presented at the talks in Beijing showed these steps fall far short of expectations in Washington.The demands included cutting China's trade surplus with the US by at least $200 billion by the end of 2020, lowering all tariffs to match US levels, eliminating technology transfer practices, and cutting off state support for some Chinese industries, according to Bloomberg News.The White House called the discussions "frank" while making no mention of continuing the negotiations. "There is consensus within the Administration that immediate attention is needed to bring changes to United States-China trade and investment relationship," a White House statement said.Fingerlix plans to use the money for capacity expansion. (Representational Image)

Ready-to-cook food brand Fingerlix has raised $7 million (approx Rs 45.50 crore) from Accel Partners and Zephyr Peacock in a Series B round of fund raise.Fingerlix said it will utilise the fresh capital to accelerate its growth strategy and also to expand into newer geographies of Bengaluru, Hyderabad & Chennai while expanding its footprint within the NCR.Accel Partner's participation in this round, along with existing investor Zephyr Peacock, underlines the immense potential of the convenience food category, especially the RTC segment, the company said in a statement. Fingerlix plans to expand to top 10 cities in India as well as select international markets, it added. Fingerlix's product range includes batters, mixes, parathas, snacks and ready-to-eat accompaniments.After capturing a significant fresh food market share in Mumbai and Pune, Fingerlix launched its portfolio in the Delhi NCR region in August this year.Two-time Commonwealth Games gold medallist Saina Nehwal and world no 10 HS Prannoy progressed to the semifinals of the women's and men's singles competition at the Asia Badminton Championship on Friday. Former world No 1 Saina showed her class as she beat unseeded Korean Lee Jang Mi 21-15 21-13 in a 43-minute clash. She will face world no 1 Tai Tzu Ying of Chinese Taipei next. "I am pleased with my game. Right now my confidence is at a high and I hope to go beyond the semis," said London Olympics bronze medallist Saina .

Prannoy, who had missed out of a medal at the Commonwealth Games, dug deep into his reservoir to eke out a hard-fought 18-21 23-21 21-12 win over second seeded Korean Son Wan Ho in a match that lasted an hour and 12 minutes. He will face Olympic champion and third seed Chen Long next.

However, Olympic silver medallist PV Sindhu and top seed Kidambi Srikanth bowed out of the tournament after suffering straight game losses.

While Sindhu, who had won a silver at the recent Commonwealth Games, lost 19-21 10-21 to seventh seeded Korean Sung Ji Hyun, Srikanth was too erratic and went down 12-21 15-21 to legendary Malaysian Lee Chong Wei, who showed he is not on the wane despite his spate of recent losses.

Brimming with confidence after winning the gold medal at the Gold Coast, in-form Saina showed great temperment as she bounced back from 3-8 and 9-13 deficits respectively, to first turn the tables at 14-13 and then walked away with the opening game.

The world no 15 Korean simply failed to put up a fight in the second game as Saina stamped her authority with a 8-1 lead.

Lee Jang reduced the gap to 8-12 but the Indian quickly made upward movements to seal the contest without much ado.

Sindhu, meanwhile, failed to get across 2015 World Championships bronze medallist Sung Ji, an opponent she has played 11 times, winning seven of those encounters.

The 22-year-old Indian, who had recovered from an ankle sprain midway through the Commonwealth Games, squandered a 16-12 advantage to allow Sung Ji pocket the opening game.

Sindhu simply wasn't good enough in the second game as the Korean jumped to a 5-1 lead and kept her nose ahead at 11-9 during the interval. The world no 9 reeled off seven straight points to double her lead and soon shut the doors on the Indian.

A lot was expected from Srikanth after his win over Chong Wei en route to India's maiden gold in mixed team event at CWG but the Malaysian today came out with all cylinders blazing, moving to a massive 13-4 lead in the opening game and closing the opening game without breaking a sweat.

Chong Wei, who had defeated Srikanth for the individual gold at Gold Coast, kept his distance from the Indian in the second game as well after moving to a 10-8 lead. Despite Srikanth's best efforts, Chong Wei walked away with the game and the match.

"This is my worst performance in an international tournament," said a disappointed Srikanth after the loss.

"I was never in the game and simply gave him (Chong Wei) many opportunities to get points. I wanted an error free game but it turned out to be otherwise."Why does the semen flow out of the vagina after intercourse?

Answered by: Dr Rajan Bhonsle | Senior Consultant,

Sexual Medicine and Relationship Counsellor,

Heart To Heart Counselling Centre,

Professor & HOD, Dept. of Sexual Medicine,

KEM Hospital & Seth Medical College

, Mumbai

Q: I am married for 3 years but we are still not blessed with a child. Everything is normal with both of us. Ovulation study shows normal cycle. I have observed that after the intercourse, the moment my husband withdraws his penis, all the semen comes out of the vagina. We tried using a pillow beneath, which helped in keeping the semen inside for few minutes. But after 10 minutes the semen comes out of the vagina. Could this be the cause of infertility? Is it normal? What is the solution? Out of KY Jelly or liquid paraffin, which is a sperm friendly lubricant?

A:

This is normal. Most of the semen flows out of vagina after intercourse in all normal fertile couples. This does not affect the fertility. Conception takes place in spite of this happening. Semen is expected to flow out of vagina after intercourse. Semen contains millions of sperms. A very small amount of semen needs to enter the uterus, and only a single sperm is responsible for conception to take place. Rest/most of it is expected to flow out of vagina in all normal fertile women. This simply cannot be the cause of infertility in your case. None of the artificial lubricants are sperm friendly. They all trap sperms,restrict their natural movements and affects fertility.

Read: Will I be able to conceive?

Semen flow out of the vagina: there are ways to prevent thisOnePlus 6 is all set to be unveiled on May 16 and just ahead of official launch, the smartphone has made an appearance on a Chinese certification site revealing its full specifications. When it comes to OnePlus 6 and its specifications, most of the key details have already been confirmed by the company and they suggest a decent upgrade over the OnePlus 5T. While most of the other details have already been revealed in several leaks and rumours over the past few months, the latest leak reconfirms them. However, the new listing does not provide any official images of the OnePlus 6.

As per Slashleaks, a OnePlus smartphone with model number A6000 have been certified by TENAA, as spotted by Slashleaks, revealing full specifications. According to the OnePlus A6000 listing, the smartphone sports a 6.28-inch full-HD+ (1080x2280 pixels) AMOLED display. The smartphone is powered by a 2.45GHz octa-core processor that means the Snapdragon 845 SoC. In the current listing, the OnePlus 6 is equipped with 6GB of RAM and inbuilt storage of 64GB. However, the TENAA listing of the smartphone may soon get updated with an 8GB RAM listing as well, including inbuilt storage variants up to 256GB.

The OnePlus 6 will come with Android 8.1 Oreo, as per the listing. In terms of optics, the handset sports a dual camera setup that includes a 20-megapixel primary sensor and a 16-megapixel secondary sensor. On the front, it has a 16-megapixel camera for selfies. Further, the smartphone will be fuelled up by 3300mAh battery and it measures 155.7x75.35x7.75mm and it weighs 177 grams.

So far, OnePlus itself has confirmed a lot of things about the OnePlus 6. First off, is it will sport an iPhone X-like notch to house its front camera, proximity sensor, and earpiece, and users will get the software option to hide the notch if they don't like it. The smartphone will also have a glass back panel, which is thought to enable wireless charging, and it will be made of 'new materials', the company had teased.

Notably, OnePlus 6 India price details got leaked earlier this week. The OnePlus 6 expected to be launched in India priced at Rs. 36,999 for the 64GB storage variant, while the 128GB variant will cost Rs. 39,999.ASK OUR EXPERTS

Choose Topic --Select-- Breast Feeding Tobacco Control Bones & Joints Children Child Development Cancer Diabetes Drugs Ear Emotions Eyes Living Healthy Health Insurance Heart HIV/AIDS Infection Injuries/FirstAid Liver Men's Health Nutrition Pregnancy Rehabilitation Medicine Sexual Health Skin Surgery Teeth Travel and Health Tuberculosis Women's HealthIt is in quarantine which is mandatory for any living organism imported to the US. It will be replanted afterwards. https://t.co/XyJRKTgPWWASK OUR EXPERTS

Choose Topic --Select-- Breast Feeding Tobacco Control Bones & Joints Children Child Development Cancer Diabetes Drugs Ear Emotions Eyes Living Healthy Health Insurance Heart HIV/AIDS Infection Injuries/FirstAid Liver Men's Health Nutrition Pregnancy Rehabilitation Medicine Sexual Health Skin Surgery Teeth Travel and Health Tuberculosis Women's HealthElon Musk, the feisty leader of an empire to build new-age cars and rockets whose dismissive call this week with financial analysts has drawn controversy, last month hung up on the top US transportation accident investigator.

Robert Sumwalt, chairman of the National Transportation Safety Board, said that during an April 11 phone call he told Musk that blog posts by Tesla casting blame on the driver of a Model X for a fatal California crash had gone too far. Earlier, the NTSB had warned Tesla not to make statements about the accident while it was under investigation.

Sumwalt then said he was taking the unusual step of kicking Tesla's representatives off the investigation.

"Best I remember, he hung up on us," Sumwalt said Thursday at the International Society of Air Safety Investigators' Mid-Atlantic Regional Chapter dinner in his first public comments on the exchange.

In the speech, Sumwalt had been discussing the NTSB's longtime practice of enlisting companies and other government agencies to assist its investigations and praised the cooperation it received from Southwest Airlines following an engine failure that killed a passenger on April 17.

After the April 11 call, Tesla issued a statement saying it "withdrew" from the probe. Only on April 12 did the NTSB issue a release saying it had actually removed the car manufacturer.

The NTSB is looking at why the battery on the Model X caught fire March 23 after the car struck a highway barrier in Mountain View, California. After NTSB opened the investigation, Tesla announced that the car was being guided by the semi-autonomous driving feature known as Autopilot and the driver's hands hadn't been detected on the wheel for six seconds. NTSB then expanded the probe to look at autonomous driving issues.

The NTSB, which is also investigating a January Tesla crash near Los Angeles, hasn't yet released a preliminary report on the Mountain View crash.

After its removal, Tesla accused NTSB of being "more concerned with press headlines than actually promoting safety" and defended its right to warn other drivers to remain engaged while using Autopilot. The company didn't immediately respond to a request for comment on Sumwalt's latest speech.

The outspoken Musk generated headlines this week, as well as a tumble in his company's share price, by rejecting questions from financial analysts during a call to release financial earnings. He called inquiries "boneheaded" and "absurd."

He cut off analysts and got defensive about probing questions pertaining to the company's finances.

© 2018 Bloomberg LPPhoto 1 of 9 Chilli Pepper



Two things that hint towards chillies being hallucinogenic - firstly, the hotness of chillies causes an endorphin rush. Secondly, it belongs to the same botanical family as Tobacco.

Photo 2 of 9 Nutmeg



It could take about 5 to 15 grams (two tablespoons) of nutmeg to make you feel nauseous for 24 hours and hungover for days. It contains an organic compound called myristicin that can make you feel dizzy and paranoid if taken in large quantities.

Photo 3 of 9 Coffee



A study conducted at the University in Melbourne warns that drinking five cups a day can make you hear voices. Simply put, high levels of caffeine can cause auditory hallucinations.

Photo 4 of 9 Stilton Cheese



There are two types available - blue cheese which is known for its strong taste and aroma and white cheese. In a survey conducted in 2005 by the British Cheese Board, it was reported 75% of men and 85% of women experienced unusual and odd dreams when they ate stilton cheese before sleep.

Photo 5 of 9 Mulberries



Unripe mulberries can upset your stomach and even cause mild hallucinations. It produces a milky juice that stimulates the nervous system.

Photo 6 of 9 Poppy Seeds



Poppy seed is an oilseed obtained from the opium poppy. They contain trace amounts of morphine not enough to cause psychological effects but if consumed in large amounts it may show positive results on a drug test.

Photo 7 of 9 Rye Bread



When moudly, it contains a chemical that can make you feel trippy. The ergot fungus contains several psychoactive chemicals.

Photo 8 of 9 Magic Mushrooms



A variety of mushrooms that contain psychedelic compounds like psilocybin and psilocin. The Aztecs called them the ‘flesh of the Gods' and they have been used in Central America for religious ceremonies for years.Porridge with a twist. Soaked basil seeds are teamed with coconut milk with yummy berries atop."Trump Place": In 2016, some residents launched a petition to remove the name

A New York judge on Thursday ruled that residents in a luxury Manhattan apartment building can remove the Trump name from their facade, ruling against the US president's family real-estate firm.The complex at 200 Riverside Boulevard on the Upper West Side is one of a series of buildings in the US financial capital that Donald Trump helped develop decades ago and called "Trump Place," although he does not own them.When the board considered removing the signage over fears it might reduce their property values in largely Democrat New York, lawyers from the Trump Organization -- his umbrella company -- threatened legal action.The firm argued that the terms of their licensing agreement require the 46-floor building to display the Trump name, but New York Judge Eileen Bransten sided with the condo's board.Reading her decision from the bench in Manhattan, Bransten ruled that the license agreement does not obligate the building to display Trump signage.In 2016, some residents launched a petition even before Trump was elected president, demanding that his name be removed from the building to protest his treatment of women, attacks on immigrants and "history of racism."Since the Republican billionaire's election in 2016, three other buildings in New York have removed the Trump name, The Washington Post reported. The Trump Organization did not immediately respond to a request to comment.A still from Badumbaaa song (courtesy YouTube)

Highlights The song has been sung by both Big B and Rishi Kapoor Big B also raps in the song This is the first song from the movie to have been released

Amitabh Bachchan, take a bow! What dance moves, ya. a new song from Amitabh Bachchan and Rishi Kapoor's upcoming film 102 Not Out released today and is sending fans of the actors into some sort of a meltdown. The songhas all the ingredients of a perfect entertainer - starting from a colourful set and catchy beats to quirky dance moves and hilarious lyrics. In, Rishi Kapoor, who plays the 75-year-old son of Amitabh Bachchan's onscreen character, is taken for a ride for being the "" he is. Big B prescribes the various ways Rishi Kapoor can rejuvenate his boring lifestyle and can bring some enthusiasm and colour into it.Inspired by his evergreen father, Rishi Kapoor does try to match steps with his 102-year-old dance companion and also offer certain advise on how to keep calm and be serious in life. But who care? Big B believes is all for YOLO, after all With lyrics by Amitabh Bhattacharya, the song has been sung by both Amitabh Bachchan and Rishi Kapoor. Watchfromhere: In an interview with IANS recently, Rishi Kapoor shared his experience of working with Big B after a gap of almost three decades and said: ""We worked in this film after 27 years but from the time we went on the set, we started rehearsing. We did not feel the gap between these years. I feel proud to say that I have been working with him for the last 44 years. Our first film was(1976) and the last time we worked together was in(1991)."Directed by Umesh Shukla,releases on May 4.To condition or not to condition, to oil or not to oil - when it comes to your hair you'll find all kinds of advice. Mothers' will tell you to "oil your hair" while your hair dresser will recommend the new IT thing "hair spa, Moroccan oil, strengthening not rebonding and all." Before you pick your choice of treatment, here are a few things you must know.

The first step in hair-care is your diet and the two most important things in your diet are iron and protein. The hair cells are the fastest growing cells in the body but they are also the first ones to be affected you don't eat right or suffer with deficiencies because they are not required for survival.

Try and include iron-rich foods like leafy vegetables, fish, pumpkin seeds, beans, chickpea, soybeans and cereals in your diet. Doctors suggest that you consume around 12 mg of iron daily. You also need protein because that's what strengthens your hair. Include complete proteins which are also rich in amino acids: like cheese, milk, soy, lentils, peas, quinoa and yogurt.

How to Maintain Healthy Hair: A Few Basic Tips

1. It's normal to lose 100 to 150 strands of hair a day so don't panic when you see a small bunch crawling across your tiled floor.

2. Comb wet hair with extreme care because they're fragile and prone to breakage. Take a broad toothed comb and run it from the roots to the ends of your hair as gently as possible.

3. Trim your hair every few weeks to get rid of those brown and rough split ends. Cut about 1/4th an inch of your hair every 6 to 8 weeks to avoid the split ends to grow out again.

4. Don't wash your hair everyday and whenever you do, apply some conditioner on the ends. Try and use the same brand of shampoo and conditioner.

5. Rinse the conditioner off with cold water as it is good for both strength and shine.

6. Unlike the labels on the back of our food items, the labels on the back of our shampoos are mostly left unread. In the last few years, there has been a lot of focus on sulfate in shampoos. What are sulfates? They're the reason your shampoo lathers the way it does. They clean your scalp and hair, departing the dirt from it. But some researchers also suggest that they strip your hair of essential oils. They're also why your eye stings when shampoo runs down the side of your face. If you feel any kind of irritation on the scalp or find your hair drying up over time then try and buy a shampoo that's sulfate-free.

7. If you've got dry hair then it's best to avoid colouring. However, if you can't resist that gorgeous shade of brown, especially under the winter sun then follow this clever advise shared on the blog Free People. Use lemon, chamomile tea or honey as they work as great hair lighteners. You can add lemon juice to water and spray it over your hair when you're heading out. You can rinse your hair with brewed chamomile tea after you wash them with shampoo or add honey to the water you use to wash your hair.

Besides these basic tips, here are few home-remedies that'll take you a long way. From home-made masks to heat protecting serums, we've got it all.

Deep Conditioning

Even though you condition your hair after every wash, nothing quite works as good as deep conditioning. Every once in a while wash your hair with shampoo, squeeze out the extra water and towel dry it. Then take generous amounts of conditioner and apply it right to the root of your hair. Use a broad toothed comb and run it through your hair to make sure the conditioner reaches everywhere. Now, pull them up and clip them together. Leave the conditioner in for anywhere between 10 minutes to an hour. Pull them down, rinse thoroughly and enjoy silky smooth hair.



(Also see: Home Remedies for Quick Hair Growth)

Keep Away the Heat

If you're stepping out and want gorgeous curls or perfect waves, then there are a few ways you can get those without taking the help of a dryer, straightener or curler. Like this for example:



If you must use your iron or curler then buy a serum of your choice or if you've got some time on your hands, make one at home.

1. Take some almond oil, coconut oil, hair conditioner, 250 ml water and a small empty spray bottle. Pour 200 ml of water in the spray bottle and add 2-3 drops of coconut and 4 to 5 almond oil to it. Add two really tiny drops of conditioner. Don't use too much of it because it will lather. You can add lavender or some nice smelling oil if you'd like. Add the remaining water and shake well. Let the lather settle and it's ready for use. (as suggested by beautytips4her)

2. It's all about butter with this one. Take 4 ounces of shea butter, 4 ounces of cocoa butter and 20 drops of any essential oil of your choice. Heat the butter till it's all liquid and let it cool. Add the essential oil to an empty, sterilized jar and pour the butter. Let the jar cool down till the butter takes a solid form again.

Home-Made Hair Masks

Some might be delicious enough to eat but the rest are just downright smelly! But the great thing is that you'll easily find all of the ingredients in your pantry.

1. Egg, curd and mustard oil - If you've got hay-like dry hair then here's the answer to all of your problems. Eggs are rich in vitamin A, B12, D and E, fatty acids and protein. The protein helps strengthen the roots, the fatty acids make it a natural hair conditioner and B12 helps add volume.

2. Avocado and peppermint oil (as suggested by hellonatural.co) - Also referred to as the butter pear, avocados are creamy, rich and the only fruit combines the protein of meat, fat of butter, vitamins and minerals of green vegetables and a nutty flavour. Mash some avocado, add a drop or two of peppermint oil and apply this mask on your hair. Leave it in for 15-20 minutes and wash off.

3. Olive oil, coconut oil and egg - Suggested by Bella Fitness blog, this one's the ultimate mask for speedy hair growth. Warm 2 tablespoons of coconut oil, let it cool, add one or two eggs and two tablespoons of olive oil and apply.

Oil is the Answer

A conditioner might work wonders for your hair but oil gives it certain minerals, vitamins and essential fatty acids that don't just strengthen your roots but also boost overall health of your hair. Coconut oil comes most recommended by hair experts and mothers! It can protect your hair from sun damage, dandruff and removes sebum build-up from hair follicles accelerating hair growth. You could also boil some curry leaves in coconut oil, strain the oil and apply. You could also use Chinese hibiscus flowers instead of curry leaves.

If you're suffering from hair fall then olive oil would be a better bet. You can combine it with a host of other ingredients. Here are our top few:

1. Olive oil with honey and cinnamon powder (as suggested by the American Athletic Institute) - Massage this paste into your scalp, leave for 15 minutes and wash.

2. The LOC method - Suggested by Nicole Charnel on Charnels world.com, this one's a real winner. It's a three part method: leave in, oil and cream. First you use some water and then use a light weight oil like coconut, olive or almond. Follow this with shea butter or any creamy conditioner of your choice. Leave it in for a while and then wash thoroughly.

If there are any home remedies or hair care tips you'd like to share with us please do so under comments!Trying to figure out which of these bikes or scooters to buy? Compare the Royal Enfield Classic 350 Vs Royal Enfield Bullet 350 on CarAndBike to make an informed buying decision as to which Bike to buy in 2018. This comparison has been carried out on the basis of prices, engine specifications, mileage, and features of these two-wheelers.

Compare Price

The ex-showroom, New Delhi price of the Royal Enfield Bullet 350 starts at ₹ 1.22 Lakh. On the other hand, the price of the base version of the Royal Enfield Classic 350 starts at ₹ 1.44 Lakh and goes up to ₹ 1.55 Lakh for top-end model.

Compare Mileage

As for the claimed fuel efficiency, the Royal Enfield Bullet 350 returns 45 kmpl. The Royal Enfield Classic 350 returns 45 kmpl.

Compare Engine

In the powertrain department, the Royal Enfield Bullet 350 gets a 346 cc that produces 19 bhp peak power. The Royal Enfield Classic 350 comes in a 346 cc that produces 19 bhp peak power.NPS offers subscribers to design their own portfolio

Pension fund regulator PFRDA on Thursday announced that the National Pension System (NPS) subscribers will now have the option to partially withdraw funds from their accounts for pursuing higher education or setting up new business. The decision was taken at the board meeting of the Pension Fund and Regulatory Development Authority (PFRDA) last week."Partial withdrawals will now be allowed to National Pension System (NPS) subscribers who wish to improve their employability or acquire new skills by pursuing higher education/ acquiring professional and technical qualifications," the PFRDA said in a statement. At present, NPS and Atal Pension Yojna (APY), both regulated by the PFRDA, have a cumulative subscriber base of over 2.13 crore with total asset under management (AUM) of over Rs 2.38 lakh crore.Also Read: Post Office Saving Schemes: National Pension System (NPS) Income Tax Benefits, Transaction Charges 1. Partial withdrawal is allowed for the education of subscribers and also for setting up of business. The subscribers who wish to set up a new business or acquire new business will also be allowed to make partial withdrawals from their contributions. NPS is government's flagship social security programme.2. The board also decided to increasing the cap on equity investment in 'active choice' category to 75 per cent from current 50 per cent for private sector subscribers of NPS. However, the option of increasing investment in equity will be available to subscribers till the age of 50 years.3. NPS offers subscribers to design their own portfolio based on two investment options -- 'Auto Choice' and 'Active Choice'. Subscribers opting for 'active choice' option, can invest in 'Alternate Investment Fund' up to 5 per cent, besides the three regular instruments -- equity, G-Secs and corporate bonds.Also Read: NPS New Rule: Bank Account, Mobile Number Made Mandatory For Subscribers 4. The PFRDA board also approved a proposal on changing the investment grade rating from 'AA' to 'A' for corporate bonds. "The change is subject to a cap on investments in 'rated bonds to be not more than 10 per cent of the overall corporate bond portfolio of the pension funds," it said. This initiative will enlarge the scope of investment for the fund managers while ensuring credit quality, it added. The PFRDA has taken this decision in pursuance of an announcement in the Union Budget.5. A proposal on adoption of Common Stewardship Code, as a measure of good corporate governance, was also approved. "Further, it was also approved that the principles enumerated in such code shall be circulated to all pension funds for compliance and implementation," the PFRDA said in the release. Adoption of these Principles by Pension Funds will improve their engagement with investee companies and benefit subscribers, it added.IPL 2018: Chennai Super Kings Go Top Of The Table With Six-Wicket Win vs Royal Challengers Bangalore

After this win, Chennai Super Kings find themselves on top of the IPL points table with 14 points from 10 matches.The central government owns 100 per cent equity of Air India.

Air India might even shut-down, if its ongoing divestment programme fails due to the terms and conditions set in its 'Express of Interest' (EOI) document. According to aviation consulting firm CAPA India, it is critical for the central government to amend the labour and debt conditions for the divestment process to succeed. "Three key themes emerging on @airindiain divestment: 1) Critical that terms in EOI - particularly for labour & debt - are amended, as successful bidder will need to invest in restructuring and absorbing losses for several years, in addition to consideration paid for 76 per cent," the consulting firm tweeted on May 4.

Also Read: Government To Sell 76% Stake In Air India, Give Up Management Control

"Three key themes emerging on @airindiain divestment: 2) Unless bidders confident that they will be ring-fenced from possible political risks if successful, this could prove to be a key reason for possible non-participation by some parties at RFP stage. #indianaviation 2 of 3." (sic)

Besides, the firm said that it estimates Air India headed for "2-year losses of $ 1.5 - 2.0 bn in FY19/FY20".

The development comes few days after the central government extended the submission deadline for the EOI bids under Air India's divestment process to May 31, 2018.

The 'Corrigendum' issued by the Ministry of Civil Aviation on May 1 extended the last date for EOI bid submission to May 31, 2018 from May 14.

Consequently, the date for the "intimation to the Qualified Interested Bidders" (QIB) has also been extended to June 15 from May 28.

In addition, the ministry issued a separate document on clarifications sought by interested bidders regarding the divestment process.

On the total debt and liabilities which are expected to remain with AI at the point of divestment, the ministry clarified: "... As on 31st March 2017, including net current liabilities of INR 88,160 mn, aggregating to INR 333,920 mn will remain with AI and AIXL (no change for AI-SATS except in normal course of business)."

Also Read: Keeping Air India Employees Will Diminish Bid Value, Says Interested Party

"Essentially, the amount of Rs 3,33,920 mn includes both debt and liabilities including net current liabilities."

The clarification document outlined that net current liabilities as Rs 88,160 million (Rs 8,816 crore) and "these will remain with AI and AIXL as these have been incurred in the course of business."

"After deducting INR 88,160 mn from INR 333,920 mn, the remaining figure of INR 245,760 mn is the debt and liability quantum that will remain with AI and AIXL."

On March 28, the central government had issued a Preliminary Information Memorandum (PIM) inviting "EoI" for the strategic divestment of AI, along with the airline's shares in AIXL (Air India Express) and AISATS (Air India SATS Airport Services) from private entities including the airline's employees.

The central government owns 100 per cent equity of Air India. In turn, the airline holds full stake in Air India Express, while it holds 50 per cent stake in the joint venture AISATS.

Accordingly, it has been planned to divest 76 per cent government stake in AI, 100 per cent in AIXL and 50 per cent in AISATS.GST Council's 27th meet was held on Friday via video conferencing

Highlights GST Network will become a 100% government entity, the Council decided Currently five private enterprises hold 51% stake in the GST network As of now, the central government holds 24.5% equity in the GST Network

PRESS NOTE IN RESPECT OF CHANGES IN GST RATE.#GST for Digital India. pic.twitter.com/caCR0C9eTh — CBIC (@cbic_india) May 4, 2018

The 27th GST (Goods and Services Tax) Council on Friday proposed a concession of 2% in GST rate (where the GST rate is 3% or more, 1% each from applicable Central GST and State GST rates) on B2C supplies, for which payment is made through cheque or digital mode. However, this is subject to a ceiling of Rs 100 each transaction, so as to incentivise promotion of digital payment . The GST council has recommended for setting up of a Group of Ministers from State Governments to look into the proposal and make recommendations, before the next Council meeting, keeping in mind the views expressed in GST Council.The GST Council also recommended the issue of imposition of cess on sugar over and above 5% GST and also the reduction in GST rate on ethanol. Keeping in view the record production of sugar in the current sugar season, and consequent depressed sugar prices and build-up of sugarcane arrears, the Council discussed the issue of imposition of sugar cess.

The GST Council meet on Friday was held via video conferencing. Mr Jaitley further said that the central government will own 50% in the GST Network, while the states will collectively hold the remaining half stake. Currently five private financial institutions HDFC, HDFC Bank, ICICI Bank, NSE Strategic investment and LIC housing finance together hold 51% stake in the GST Network.

The last GST meet (26th GST Council meet) was held on March 10.

Also Read: GST Council Cuts Rates On Used Cars, Diamonds. Full List Here

As of now, the Government of India holds 24.5% equity in the GSTN and all States of the Indian Union, including NCT of Delhi and Puducherry, and the Empowered Committee of State Finance Ministers (EC), together hold another 24.5%.

Also Read: In A First, GST Collection For A Month Exceeds Rs 1 Lakh Crore



The balance 51% equity is with non-Government financial institutions. The company has been set up primarily to provide IT infrastructure and services to the Central and State Governments, tax payers and other stakeholders for implementation of the Goods and Services Tax (GST). The Authorised Capital of the company is Rupees ten crore only.

The GST collection in April crossed the Rs 1 lakh crore mark for the first time, indicating stabilisation of the new indirect tax regime that was rolled out on July 1 last year.This is a fruit which you come to love once you develop a taste for it. It is not everyone’s favourite, but those who love it find it hard to get by a morning without digging into a bowl of freshly cubed papayas . The orange-coloured flesh is very tempting indeed, but what puts most people off, is the slight bitter aftertaste that accompanies the otherwise sweet fruit. This is the reason why children are often fussy about it and instead go for sinful mangoes , grapes, berries and the like. Have it on its own or team it with a mixed-fruit bowl, it is an energy booster.Believed to be a native of Central America, growing along the Caribbean coast, the tree was considered sacred by the Mayans for its various medicinal properties. The fruits are not the only segment of the tree that was considered valuable, the leaves, seeds, and flowers too possess healing powers. It is also said that the great voyager Christopher Columbus used to refer to it as “fruit of the angels”. What makes papaya such an incredible ingredient is the presence of the enzyme papain along with other essential nutrients that work together to provide you nature’s best.- The enzyme papain present in papaya is known to aid digestion by breaking down proteins . Therefore, a glass of papaya juice is often recommended as a home remedy for digestion-related problems or constipation.- Apart from papain, papaya also contains other effective enzymes that help against inflammation and promote healing of burns.- Papaya is rich in anti-oxidants and phytonutrients that work against free radicals and therefore is said to protect the body from possible heart diseases and cancer.- Many researchers have found that the consumption of raw papaya could help maintain blood sugar level and cholesterol because of the high fiber content, thereby keeping a check on diabetes. According to a study done by the Centre of Excellence for Biomedical and Biomaterials Research at the Mauritius University, green tea and fermented papaya work together as preventive means for diabetes. In some parts of India, especially the North East, papaya flowers are locally used as a preventive measure against diabetes. The bitter flowers are lightly sautéed in a little oil and consumed as a side to rice on a regular basis.- Papaya is a great source of vitamin A, B, C, and K and is known as an excellent immunity booster . It is great for the growth of body tissues, including hair and skin. It helps in maintaining collagen, the structural protein of connective tissues. It is said that a medium-sized papaya could provide you double your daily requirement of vitamins.- Beauty experts too, often suggest using slices of papaya as a natural skin cleanser as the active enzymes work wonders to remove impurities.- It is also rich in minerals such as calcium , potassium, magnesium and copper. Regular consumption helps in building up the calcium bank in the body and in the long run could help keep a check on arthritis - Papaya leaves are commonly used in the treatment of dengue to help boost up the count of platelets. Dr. Anju Sood, a Bangaluru-based nutritionist says, “Dengue is an infection which affects the blood platelets massively. A simple remedy to get back the platelets count is to give the patient a glass of papaya leaf juice. It is prepared by grinding the leaves with a small amount of water to extract the juice.” However, dengue can prove to be fatal once it develops into Dengue Hemorrhagic Fever which shuts down the circulatory system.9. Weight Loss - papaya is low in calories and therefore proves to be the perfect option for breakfast. A serving of 140 grams of the fruit contains only 60 calories, with total fat 0.4 gram, no cholesterol, 15.7 gram carbohydrates and 2.5 gram dietary fiber.Papayas are commonly available in the markets and used in both forms, raw and ripe, to cook a number of dishes. The Thai classic, raw papaya salad is one of the most popular dishes not just in Southeast Asia but across the globe too. The julienned flesh tossed with lemon juice, chillies, peanuts and fresh herbs provide a delicious medley of flavours, and it makes a great option for a refreshing and light lunch.In India, papaya is used to make halwas, coolers, chutneys , pachadi (south Indian accompaniment), and the likes. Raw papaya is considered to be one of the best agents to tenderise meat and is extensively used in the making of kebabs and meat-based curries such as Bengali Mutton Chaap or Spicy Duck Roast The young leaves are often steamed or lightly sautéed and consumed as a green leafy veggie. The flowers too are slightly sautéed and eaten along with rice. The unripe fruit is made into curries and stews along with aromatic spices which lend in a delectable flavour. Let’s not forget the seeds! Packed with nutrients, they have a spicy flavour and are often used as a substitute to black pepper in some cultures.Here are three simple recipes to help you get started –Rocky Singh's favourite Thai salad, Som Tam is a green papaya salad that combines all four tastes - sour, chilli, sweet and salty.Tender papaya mixed in with elaichi, ghee and walnuts to make a delicious halwa. Santula is a very popular vegetable dish of Orrisa. Here, potatoes, raw papaya and brinjals are cooked in milk, chillies and masalas.Highlights Festivals and celebrations without sweets? No can do!

We've listed our top 10 dessert recipes, that are sure to impress

From Gulab Jamun to Sandesh, here are the most loved Indian sweets

Dessert makes us go weak in the knees. It's a warm blanket on a cold winter evening. It's icing on a cake and the climax to an absolutely spectacular movie. There is no denying the fact, that desserts give a befitting end to any meal. And Indians? We have a penchant for sweets, no doubt. Not only are desserts part of our staple fare, but they are also offered in our places of worship. Be it the khada prasad at Gurudwaras or the boondi ladoos served at temples, desserts form an integral part of our sacred offerings. And by and large, all Indian desserts use sugar, milk and khoya as staple ingredients.



Ranging from Gulab Jamuns to Payasam, nostalgic favourites to modern avatars, we bring to you the most loved Indian desserts.





1. Gulab Jamun

Recipe by Chef Aditya Bal



The good old delight made with khoya, fried golden and finally dipped in saffron induced sugar syrup. Also a festive favourite!

One of India's most loved sweet, Gulab Jamun is there for every celebration. 2. Gajar Ka Halwa

Recipe by Akhtar Rehman



Warm your winter with this recipe that is sure to delight even the pickiest of dessert eaters! Halwa made Pakistani style with grated carrot, condensed milk, nuts and golden varq.

Warm your winter with this recipe that is sure to delight even the pickiest of dessert eaters! Halwa made Pakistani style with grated carrot, condensed milk, nuts and golden varq.Winters and Gajar Ka Halwa go hand in hand for Indians across the globe.

3. Sandesh

Recipe by Chef Niru Gupta



A melt-in-the-mouth dessert! Bengal's super hit sweet, made with cottage cheese, cardamom and saffron. One of the easiest way to please the sweet tooth!

4. Modak

Recipe by Chef Shilpa More



Sweet flour dumplings stuffed with coconut, jaggery, nutmeg and saffron. Steamed to perfection. A famous Indian dessert prepared during the festival of Ganesh Chaturthi.

5. Aam Shrikhand

Recipe by Karan Suri



A Gujarati favorite made with hung curd. Few ingredients, great flavors! In this recipe mildly sweetened yogurt is studded with mango pieces and served with a zesty mango salad.



Gujrat's favourite with a mango twist.



6. Payasam

Recipe by Chef Kishore D Reddy



The South Indian version of kheer is known as payasam. Deliciously creamy, rice and milk pudding with cashews and raisins.

The South Indian version of kheer is known as payasam. Deliciously creamy, rice and milk pudding with cashews and raisins.



This South Indian version of Kheer is loved all over the country.



7. Kaju ki Barfi

Recipe by Chef Niru Gupta



This one's a childhood favorite with many! Barfi made with cashew nuts and milk, topped with silver varq. Usually exchanged as a sweet gift on special occasions.

This one's a childhood favorite with many! Barfi made with cashew nuts and milk, topped with silver varq. Usually exchanged as a sweet gift on special occasions.

8. Shahi Tukda

Recipe by Marut Sikka



The earliest visitors to India called it the land of milk and honey. Marut Sikka whips up a rich, saffron infused shahi tudka from Awadh. The recipe of Shahi Tukda is believed to have been invented out of a way to use up unused bread in the nineteenth century Mogul cuisines.



The delicious combination of milk and honey, infused with saffron makes for this amazing sweet.



9. Phirni

Recipe by Vicky Ratnani



Another variety of a milk pudding prepared during festive occasions especially Eid and Ramzan. Best served in 'mitti ke kasore' or mud pots.

Another variety of a milk pudding prepared during festive occasions especially Eid and Ramzan. Best served in 'mitti ke kasore' or mud pots.



The traditional Indian ice-cream, Kulfi is often found in different flavours like rose, mango, etc.



All of these Indian desserts are often made on different celebratory occasions as well as on days when you just want to forget about diet plans and gorge on a bucket full of Gulab jamuns or Halwa. And nothing better than a homemade dessert to watch those calories. All of these Indian desserts are often made on different celebratory occasions as well as on days when you just want to forget about diet plans and gorge on a bucket full of Gulab jamuns or Halwa. And nothing better than a homemade dessert to watch those calories.

Recipe by Chef Niru GuptaA popular frozen dessert that is sinfully rich, dense and creamy. A twist to the traditional recipe, this one is flavored with mango.Highlights Learn the trick to make the perfect masala omelet

Give your usual egg curry a Goan twist

Add an egg to your sandwich to make it more filling

Learn the trick to make the perfect masala omelete

Give your usual egg curry a Goan twist​

Why not try something new with the good old omelet?

This recipe is perfect for your kids

Give your breakfast a Spanish twist ​

Sandwiches are the easiest things to make

Use your coffee mug for more than just serving your morning drink.

1. Masala Omelette Recipe in Hindi The good old masala omelet recipe in Hindi. Learn the trick to perfect it each time and make sure you get an omelette that is soft in the middle with slight crisp edges. Stuff with with tomatoes, onions and some masalas and enjoy for breakfast.2. Goan Egg Curry Recipe in Hindi Give your usual egg curry a Goan twist with this amazing regional recipe. Unlike the regular curry, this one is full of traditional flavours such as coconut cream, tamarind, poppy seeds and roasted red peppers that add a kick to the dish.Why not try something new with the good old omelet? Omelet are great for breakfast, but use them to make this curry and you'll get a lovely main meal for lunch or dinner. This nice and tangy curry goes well with both rice and hot chappatis.4. Egg Masala Recipe in Hindi Boiled eggs have the least calories and are perhaps one of the most healthy ways to have eggs. Spruce them up with fresh coriander, turmeric, ginger-garlic paste, red chilies and cumin. This quick recipe is great for an evening snack or to beat a sudden hunger attack.5. Baked Eggs Recipe in Hindi This recipe is perfect for your kids. Sneak in some spinach and tomatoes into baked eggs and they will never know. Serve it as an after school snack or in their morning meal to give them an instant energy boost.6. Spanish Omelet Recipe in Hindi Give your breakfast a Spanish twist with a stuffing of mashed and buttery potatoes. This classic egg dish is made with just five ingredients and tastes heavenly. It is the perfect way to start your day. This traditional egg dish is also called tortilla de papas.7. Egg and Cheese Sandwich Recipe in Hindi Sandwiches are the easiest things to make when you’re hungry or need a quick snack on-the-go. Add an egg to your sandwich to make it more filling and as you’ll agree cheesy is always good.8. Masala Anda Bhurji Recipe in Hindi Make scrambled egg desi style. Throw in some chopped onions, add tomatoes and some masalas and enjoy with hot rotis for a quick and light dinner. You can also serve wit on pav with some freshly made green chutney.9. Egg in a Hole Recipe in Hindi Here’s another interesting recipe that your kids will totally love. Make breakfast fun for them by serving an egg inside the bread and topping it with some cheese and herbs. This is also a fun recipe to try with your kids as a weekend cooking project.10. Omelette in a Mug Recipe in Hindi Use your coffee mug for more than just serving your morning drink. You can make a quick omelette in it a just a few minutes and enjoy cuddled in bed. This recipe is perfect for a busy day or for when you are too lazy to cook. Bookmark our best egg recipes in Hindi days when you crave for something interesting and are looking to experiment.Volkswagen is all set to reveal a hardcore track version of the Golf GTI - the Golf GTI TCR on May 9, 2018. The company will showcase the car at Reifnitz am Worthersee and the Golf GTI TCR will be a special highlight to the participants and visitors. As a tribute to fans, the 286 bhp churning GTI will be unveiled in a world premiere and this particular version will be will be launched in European markets by the end of the year.

It's the fastest ever road going Golf GTI

The special edition is the road version of the two-time overall winner of the international TCR race series: the Golf GTI TCR of the same name. The design, power and performance are intrinsic to the pure sports car doctrine. The turbo engine of the new Golf GTI TCR delivers the 286 bhp between 5,000 and 6,800 rpm. The TSI balances its maximum torque of 370 Nm towards the front axle in a speed range of 1,600 rpm; this value remains consistently high up to 4,300 rpm. A 7-speed dual-clutch gearbox (DSG) and a front axle differential lock (both standard) are responsible for power transmission and excellent traction.

The car will be revealed on May 9

The maximum speed is 250 kmph, but can be increased to 264 kmph as stated above by opting to remove the electronic Vmax limiter. This makes the new GTI TCR the fastest Golf GTI. Thanks to its drive performance, the production car achieves similar ranges as the Golf GTI TCR racing car.

For the latest auto news and reviews, follow CarAndBike on Twitter, Facebook, and subscribe to our YouTube channel.The Indian-arm of German automaker, Mercedes-Benz India has finally launched the most powerful E-Class in India, the AMG E 63 S 4Matic+ at a price of ₹ 1.5 crore (ex-showroom, India). After the Maybach S650, the new S-Class facelift and the GLS Grand Edition, the AMG E 63 S 4Matic+ is the German carmakers fourth launch of the year. The AMG E 63 S 4Matic+ is the top-of-the-line E-Class and believe us when we say this, it can do 0-100kmph in a claimed time of 3.4 seconds. This makes the AMG E 63 S 4Matic+ faster than the AMG GT R, which was recently launched in India. In terms of competition, the AMG E 63 S 4Matic+ has only one competition in India currently, and it is none other than the BMW M5.

(The matte-black AMG 20-inch alloy wheels that really steal the show)

Also Read: Mercedes-AMG E 63 S 4Matic+ India Launch Live

First off, let's talk about the visual treat. Mercedes-AMG has retained some of the exterior profile from the standard E-Class on the AMG E 63 S 4Matic+. The smooth character lines are also retained from the standard E-Class. However, up front, the AMG Panamericana radiator grille is new, while the front bumper is also refreshed. It houses the slightly larger air intakes and the sporty exhaust setup at the back. The wheel arches are also slightly wider, half an inch to be precise, from the standard E-Class, but it's the matte-black AMG 20-inch alloy wheels that really steal the show. The side sill panels makes the AMG E 63 S 4Matic+ appear to sit even lower on the road and elongate the overall line. The rear end gets clearly defined spoiler lip in the color of the vehicle on the boot lid, the rear apron with diffuser-look inserts, and the two bright chrome-plated twin tailpipe trim elements on the selectable sports exhaust system. It also features a trim strip in silver chrome on the rear apron.

(Mercedes-AMG E 63S 4Matic+ interior)

Also Read: Mercedes-AMG E63 And E63 S Sedans Revealed With 4Matic AWD System And Drift Mode

At heart is where all the power lies. The AMG E 63 S 4Matic+ gets a meaty AMG 4.0-litre twin-turbo V8 engine that has the ability to produce 603bhp of max power and develops 850Nm of peak torque making it the most powerful E-Class ever made. It can reach a top speed of 249kmph, but with the AMG Driver's package, the AMG E 63 S 4Matic+ can accelerate to 300bhp. The powerful engine comes mated to a nine-speed AMG Speedshift dual-clutch transmission and gets the AMG Performance 4MATIC+ all-wheel drive system.

(Mercedes-AMG E 63S 4Matic+)

Adding thrill to the AMG E 63 S 4Matic+ is a feature called the Drift Mode, which is an electromechanically controlled coupling that connects the rear axle to the front axle. This is then calculated continuously according to the driving conditions and driver's input and is where drift mode comes into its own. Activate the Drift mode in the 'Race' drive program using the shift paddles, provided that ESP is deactivated and the transmission is in manual mode. When drift mode is activated, the AMG E 63 S 4MATIC+ becomes a purely rear-wheel drive vehicle. Drift mode remains engaged until the driver deactivates it again.

For the latest auto news and reviews, follow CarAndBike on Twitter, Facebook, and subscribe to our YouTube channel.What is the role of Duphaston in pregnancy?

Answered by: Dr Chandra M Gulhati | Editor, MIMS,

New Delhi



Q: I am 28 years old and two months pregnant. My doctor prescribed Duphaston 10 mg tablet a day. I checked the needs for this drug on the internet and now I am bit confused as to why I was asked to take this drug when I am pregnant. Is there a particular reason to take this drug during early stages of pregnancy? I am pregnant with my second child. Did not experience any complications with the first one and nor do I have any at this stage.

A:

Duphaston is the brand name given to it by the company. The name of the medicine is a hormone called dydrogesterone (progesterone). This product is indicated in women trying to conceive if there is proven, documented deficiency of the progesterone hormone (during luteal phase). Once conception has taken place, progesterone hormone is indicated only in pregnancies due to assisted reproductive techniques such as IVF etc. or in cases of habitual abortion (repeated miscarriages).



Misuse and overuse of progesterone can lead to a number of side effects including fetal death and spontaneous abortion (more so in the first three months of gestation), musculanisation of female fetus (such as unwanted hair on face), birth defects in babies such as cleft palate and heart defects. Therefore in the United States, the use of progesterone during "known or suspected pregnancy" is banned. During pregnancy, one should take the most minimal mandatory medicines such as folic acid 5mg daily (such as Folet). If there is anaemia, then one should take an iron preparation along with folic acid (such as Probofex), one capsule a day.

Also read: 7 Foods You Must Aoid During Pregnancy

Duphaston in pregnancy: Is it safe to us?First phase of the Niti Aayog-IBM project will focus on the model for 10 aspirational districts

NITI Aayog and IBM signed a Statement of Intent (SoI) to develop a crop yield prediction model using Artificial Intelligence (AI) to provide real time advisory to farmers in Aspirational Districts. The SoI was signed in the presence of Amitabh Kant , CEO, NITI Aayog and Karan Bajwa, MD, IBM India. The partnership aims to work together towards use of technology to provide insights to farmers to improve crop productivity, soil yield, control agricultural inputs with the overarching goal of improving farmers' incomes.

Also Read: NITI Aayog Says It's 'Unviable' To Support Air India

Highlighting the need of such collaborations, Mr Kant said, "Bringing in future technologies like Artificial Intelligence into practical use will have tremendous benefits for the practice of agriculture in the country, improving efficiency in resource-use, crop yields and scientific farming. The ten Aspirational Districts chosen will be invigorated with cutting-edge technological support to leap-frog development of agri-based economies".

First phase of the project will focus on developing the model for 10 Aspirational Districts across the States of Assam, Bihar, Jharkhand, Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra, Rajasthan and Uttar Pradesh.

The scope of this project is to introduce and make available climate-aware cognitive farming techniques and identifying systems of crop monitoring, early warning on pest/disease outbreak based on advanced AI innovations.

It also includes deployment of weather advisory, rich satellite and enhanced weather forecast information along with IT & mobile applications with a focus on improving the crop yield and cost savings through better farm management.

IBM will be using Artificial Intelligence to provide all the relevant data and platform for developing technological models for improving agricultural output and productivity for various crops and soil types, for the identified districts. NITI Aayog, on its part, will facilitate the inclusion of more stakeholders on the ground for effective last mile utilisation and extension, using the insights generated through these models.



01

Source: Photo: Varinder Chawla

On Friday evening, Sonam Kapoor was spotted with her husband-to-be Anand Ahuja in Bandra.Trying to figure out which of these cars to buy? Compare the Jeep Compass Vs Hyundai Creta on CarAndBike to make an informed buying decision as to which Car to buy in 2018. This comparison has been carried out on the basis of prices, engine specifications, mileage, and features of these cars.

Compare Price

The ex-showroom, New Delhi price of the Hyundai Creta Petrol starts at ₹ 10.47 Lakh and goes up to ₹ 15.29 Lakh for the fully-loaded Petrol model. The base Diesel version of the Hyundai Creta costs ₹ 11.23 Lakh, whereas the Diesel top-end costs ₹ 17.11 Lakh. On the other hand, the price of the base Petrol version of the Jeep Compass Petrol starts at ₹ 17.95 Lakh and goes up to ₹ 23.97 Lakh for the fully-loaded Petrol model. The base Diesel version of the Jeep Compass costs ₹ 19.39 Lakh, whereas the Diesel top-end costs ₹ 25.69 Lakh.

Compare Mileage

As for the claimed fuel efficiency, Hyundai Creta base Petrol engine returns 15 kmpl whereas the base Diesel returns 21 kmpl. Jeep Compass base Petrol engine returns 14 kmpl whereas the base Diesel returns 17 kmpl.

Compare Engine

In the powertrain department, the Hyundai Creta gets 1 Petrol and 2 Diesel engine options - 121 bhp Petrol and 89 bhp Diesel ,126 bhp Diesel engines. The Jeep Compass comes in 1 Petrol and 1 Diesel engine options - 161 bhp Petrol and 171 bhp Diesel engines.Healthcare / Medical Innovations of 2017

PUBLISHED ON: Dec 30, 2017 | Duration: 10:30 Min

0 Shares

Doctors on call gives a consolidated report on some of the most interesting and impactful researches of 2017 in the healthcare sector.

(Disclaimer: This content including advice provides generic information only. It is in no way a substitute for qualified medical opinion. Always consult a specialist or your own doctor for more information. NDTV does not claim responsibility for this information.)Moto Z3 Play has been subjected to several leaks for quite some time now, and the smartphone's design is similar to most handsets in Motorola's Z-series that come with Moto Mods support. Last week, a press render showcasing the design of the anticipated smartphone had emerged online. However, a new leak has revealed alleged images of a fully built Moto Z3 Play. As per the new images, the handset looks similar to that of the render.

Shared by ITHome, the leaked images of an alleged Moto Z3 Play unit showcase a raised portion at the back suggesting a dual rear camera setup on the handset. It also features pogo pins that are used to accommodate the Moto Mods. Interestingly, the fingerprint scanner appears to be missing from both the front and the back. It indicates that the sensor could be positioned at the side, around the power button. This feature was revealed in a previous leak as well.

One of the images in the leak shows the Motorola's model number is XT1929. A smartphone with the same model number was spotted in an earlier leak as well. Additionally, the new images also reveal that the smartphone will come with Android 8.1.0 out-of-the-box along with the May security patch. Also, the report reveals that the smartphone is expected to be launched in June this year.

Coming to other specifications, the report reconfirms most of the details of the Moto Z3 Play that were already revealed in previous leaks. The smartphone is expected to be equipped with a 6-inch full-HD+ (1080x2160 pixels) display. It is expected to be powered by a Snapdragon 636 processor, coupled with either 4GB of RAM and 32GB of inbuilt storage, or 6GB of RAM and 64GB of inbuilt storage. It could be fuelled by a 3000mAh battery.you can go for rc 390 or the newly launched TVS Apache 310 both of them comes with dual channel ABS. while the output of rc390 is higher side 43 bhp and Apache 310 is less on power 33bhp. Apache 310 will cost you less and TVS has given its all 35yrs of experience in this bike, so its a good track bike and you can commute daily on road also.Atletico Madrid coach Diego Simeone will be forced to watch the Europa League final against Marseille from the stands after receiving a four-match European ban for insulting a referee, UEFA said on Friday. Simeone was ordered from the touchline during last week's 1-1 draw in the first leg of their semi-final with Arsenal after a heated exchange with French referee Clement Turpin. The Argentine watched Thursday's 1-0 home win in the return leg, which secured a 2-1 aggregate victory and a place in the final, from the directors' box at the Wanda Metropolitano.

Simeone will now also miss the May 16 final in Lyon and his side's first two European matches of next season, while he was hit with a fine of 10,000 euros (USD 12,000).

UEFA's disciplinary committee also charged Marseille after away supporters set off fireworks and threw objects during the second leg of their semi-final at Salzburg.

Austria's Salzburg risk punishment themselves following a pitch invasion by fans and the throwing of objects, as well as a charge of improper conduct levied against club official Harald Lurzer.

Marseille won the tie 3-2 on aggregate despite losing the second leg 1-2 after extra time.

A decision on the cases will be made on May 31.After a career laden with belts, cash and kudos, boxing great Floyd Mayweather Jr retired undefeated over 50 fights -- but his flawless record faces an unlikely challenge from an obscure Thai fighter known as the " dwarf giant ". At 5ft 2in (1.57m) and weighing just 105lb (47.6kg), minimum-weight Wanheng Menayothin is shorter, leaner and significantly less wealthy than Mayweather, who briefly emerged from retirement last year to fight MMA star Conor McGregor for a $100 million purse. If Wanheng triumphs on Wednesday afternoon he will equal Mayweather's feat of winning 50 successive fights.

His WBC minimumweight belt is on the line against Panamanian challenger Leroy Estrada.

The fight, to be held outside the town hall of second-tier Thai city Nakhon Ratchasima, has none of the glitz or pay-per-view pull of a Mayweather bout in Las Vegas.

But still Wanheng will enter boxing lore with victory -- and, at 32 years of age, has time to go one better and match the 51 wins, one draw and no losses set by Mexican flyweight Ricardo Lopez.

It is not just the box office power that differentiates Mayweather from the Thai, who turned to the ring at the age of 12 as a path out of poverty.

While the prelude to Mayweather fights was defined by hype and trash-talking, Wanheng has adopted a more karmic approach.

"I'm not feeling pressured, you win and you lose, and that's the nature of sports," he said at his gym in Bangkok a few days before defending his title.

But he said he had trained hard with the aim of "equalling Floyd".

Nicknames also capture the difference between the pair.

- Numbers game -

In addition to "Money", the American fought under the moniker "Pretty Boy" and "The Best Ever", tags he still rolls out on a Twitter profile boasting more than eight million followers.

With Wanheng, it's more complicated.

Fighters in Thailand often compete under the label of their gym, which is where his second name Menayothin -- the name of his Bangkok gym -- comes from.

His legal name is Chayaphon Moonsri, while his most widely used nickname is the "dwarf giant" because of his small stature and powerful punches.

But the boxer also fights under the alias "Five-Star Grilled Chicken" as part of sponsorship deal with Thai food giant CP Chicken.

Should Wanheng win on Wednesday his name will enter the record books, but with an asterisk of sorts.

He has fought mostly low-profile Asian challengers on his home turf in Thailand.

His rivals have been a mixed bag -- one last year had 44 losses, while another in 2014 had 24.

In December he tied Rocky Marciano's 49-0 tally with a win over Japanese contender Tatsuya Fukuhara.

Mayweather, meanwhile, had a much tougher ride defeating some of the sport's all-time greats, including Manny Pacquiao and Oscar De La Hoya.

The welterweight has 27 KOs to Wanheng's 17.

"With respect to Wanheng he's never beaten anyone of note. In the west this fight will be nothing more than a trivial pursuit question," Anson Wainwright, a boxing correspondent for The Ring magazine, told AFP, adding that matching the record would nevertheless be a "good achievement."

Carlos Costa, a boxing reporter covering the fight, said the 23-year-old Estrada also poses a unique challenge to Wanheng, 32.

"He's younger and fresher," Costa said of Estrada. "He's hungry for glory, and that makes a boxer always dangerous."

And the Panamanian is in no mood to help Wanheng into the history books, telling AFP "this is my opportunity to be a champion".This will be the first time the C-Class will be available in a coupe body style

The Mercedes-Benz C-Class range in India gets the standard sedan which is available in both petrol and diese. There's also the AMG powered C43 and C63S 4-door. Of course, we can't forget that India also gets the C300 Cabriolet and now Mercedes-Benz India is considering the addition of the C63 Coupe body style as an addition to that lineup. The Mercedes-AMG C63 Coupe will take on the likes of other two-door four-seater coupes likes the BMW M4 and the recently launched Audi RS5. This will be the first time India will get the C-Class in a coupe body style. The last gen E-Class and the updated S-Class is also available in the coupe bodystyle with the new E-Class coupe expected to join the lineup soon.

Mercedes-Benz C-Class 46.35 Lakh * On Road Price (New Delhi) FIND OUT MORE

The 2019 Mercedes-AMG C63 S Coupe made its debut at the New York Motor Show

The Mercedes-AMG C63 Coupe will get a 4-litre, bi-turbo V8 engine that will make 469 bhp in its standard avatar and 503 bhp in the more powerful S avatar. Expect India to only get the S version just like the C63 sedan. Unlike the Audi RS5 which gets the quattro all-wheel-drive setup, the C63 Coupe will only get rear wheel drive version. Incidentally, the C63S Coupe's primary rival, the BMW M4, is also available exclusively with rear wheel drive. The C63 S makes 700 Nm of peak torque and gets from 0-100 kmph in just 3.9 seconds before reaching a top speed of 290 kmph.

The car takes on the likes of the BMW M4 and the Audi RS5 Coupe

The C-Class coupe is a 2+2 seat configuration and while the rear can hold two people, best be limited to children. The C63 S will come packed with features like a large infotainment screen, individually customisable interior and with the option of a panoramic or carbon roof. The car will also come standard with a rear limited slip differential and driving modes on the central console. It will also have an active exhaust that can be activated by the touch of a button on the centre console.

For the latest auto news and reviews, follow CarAndBike on Twitter, Facebook, and subscribe to our YouTube channel.Prabhas and Rana Daggubati in Baahuali: The Conclusion. (Image courtesy: Instagram)

Highlights Baahubali 2 could not beat the Day 1 collection of Secret Superstar It collected Rs 19 crore on the opening day in China, a little over Dang Baahubali 2 grossed over Rs 1,500 crore worldwide last year

#Baahubali2InChina makes a commanding debut.. $2.85 Million [19 Crs] for Day 1.. pic.twitter.com/OCiUknaj9g — Ramesh Bala (@rameshlaus) May 4, 2018

has arrived in China and it is all set to conquer the box office. The film had a blockbuster opening at US$2.85 million (Rs 19 crore), tweeted trade analyst Ramesh Bala. The film opened across 18,000 screens and it became the third highest opener in China for Indian films. Before SS Rajamouli's, Aamir Khan's, Salman Khan'sand Irrfan Khan'shad released., starring Prabhas and Rana Daggubati, opened at Rs 100 crore in India. In China,could not beat the opening day record set byandbut it did outperform its prequel's lifetime business in one day. Baahubali: The Conclusion was a box office rage in India and it has a long way to prove its mettle in China, where Aamir Khan's, which released last year, has supremacy of sorts. In April-May 2016, whenwas shattering's record in India, the Nitesh Tiwari-directed film set new precedents for Indian films in China.'s success story in India was a new phenomenon in India and likewise's victory in China was unheard of. Though Aamir Khan'sandhad also released and fared well in China but none of them enjoyed the success ofis the concluding part of SS Rajamouli's two-part epic tale set in the fictional kingdom of Mahishmathi and of the two cousins vying for the throne. Amarendra Baahubali (played by Prabhas) is everyone's favourite while Bhallal Deva (Rana Daggubati) is conniving and manipulative. He twists the circumstances and gets Amarendra Baahubali murdered. 25 years later, his son Mahendra Baahubali (also Prabhas) returns to avenge his father. Baahubali: The Conclusion also stars Anushka Shetty, Ramya Krishnana, Tamanaah Bhatia and Sathya Raj. The film grossed over Rs 1,500 crore globally and still counting.The platform has a unique auto-learning feature that helps improve the answering accuracy.

Reliance Jio recently announced the launch of the world's first Artificial Intelligence (AI) based brand engagement platform - JioInteract, said the company in a press release issued on Thursday. The first of many services to be launched on this platform is the LIVE Video Call that will feature India's favourite celebrities, the release further added. Over the next few weeks, Jio will introduce services such as video call centres, video catalogue, and virtual showrooms. To kick-start, Jio has on-boarded Bollywood's star, Amitabh Bachchan, who is promoting his upcoming comedy-drama film '102 Not Out' in the most innovative way, said the release. (Also read: Latest Offers From Airtel, Reliance Jio, Vodafone: Up To 90-Day Validity Prepaid Recharge Plans Compared 1. JioInteract's first service LIVE Video Call allows all Jio and other smartphone subscribers to make a video call with their favourite superstar anytime during the day.2. In the first attempt, users can ask questions related to Amitabh Bachchan's upcoming comedy drama film, 102 Not Out and even book their movie tickets in real-time through the ticketing-partner BookMyShow, said Reliance Jio. (Also read: Jio's Offer: You Get Up To 112GB Free Data For 56 Days. Your Friend Gets 8GB Data For 4 Days 3. This innovative service uses a powerful artificial intelligence based platform to listen to user questions and respond to them in the most appropriate way. 4. The platform has a unique auto-learning feature that helps improve the answering accuracy.5. In order to avail Jio's AI based LIVE video service, download MyJio app and click on JioInteract icon. Now start your video call and chat with your celebrity. Additionally, subscribers can also share their video call experience with their family and friends using the share option.At a brand endorsement event actor, Ranveer Singh was asked to share some words of wisdom with his young fans. Watch the video to hear Ranveer's motivational talk.News broke on Wednesday that Call of Duty: Black Ops 4 may not have a single-player campaign. According to several reports, the game’s publisher Activision found Black Ops 4's take on a single-player campaign to be “too out there” and retooling it would mean it wouldn’t be ready in time for release. If true, it would mean this would be the first Call of Duty game without a single-player campaign, and might even be an always online affair requiring a persistent Internet connection. In its place however, could be a battle royale mode helmed by long-time Call of Duty support studio, Raven Software.

If this information is correct, it would not be a surprise. With many a big budget triple A game company like Ubisoft, Microsoft, and EA extolling the virtues of games-as-a-service coupled with the success of multiplayer fare like Fortnite and PUBG, Activision and Treyarch jumping on the bandwagon is to be expected. That said, can Activision get away with charging $60 or Rs. 4,449 (which is how much Call of Duty games sell for in India) - basically full price - for a series that’s touted polished single-player experiences since its inception?

It’s not as if multiplayer games haven’t tried this tactic before. The original Titanfall comes to mind. It was an always online, multiplayer affair with little in way of single-player hijinks outside of a mode you could play with bots and it cost $60 (Rs. 3,499 in India). For publisher EA, Titanfall exceeded revenue expectations in no small part thanks to releasing during an uncrowded period — there simply was no competition at the time. Contrast that with its sequel that boasted of an excellent single-player campaign in addition to its multiplayer mode, but sold only a quarter of the original thanks to the fact it went against Battlefield 1 and Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare. Black Ops 4 faces a similar situation with an October 12 release date that should see it rub shoulders with the likes of Red Dead Redemption 2, and possibly FIFA 19, as well as Battlefield V.

Perhaps a precedent closer to home for Activision is Overwatch. It’s always online, costs $60 (Rs. 3,999 in India) and is multiplayer only. And yes, it’s obscenely successful thanks to sustained monetisation via cosmetic micro-transactions. Blizzard’s handiwork with Overwatch paves the way for its sister concern to do something similar. Although given the annual nature of the Call of Duty franchise — with three studios working around the clock to make sure a new game is out every year — it’s unlikely that Overwatch’s focus on lore building events and cosmetic items would translate well into the existing Call of Duty formula.

Call of Duty is unlikely to follow the same approach of having a single base game supported by a wealth of updates and loot boxes without releasing a new game a year later. Reason being, in 2017 Call of Duty World War 2, Call of Duty: Black Ops 3, and Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare generated $951 million in digital console sales revenue alone and were on the top 10 charts through the year. Call of Duty: World War 2 by itself netted $502 million in revenue in 2017, just $19 million less than GTA V — the largest selling entertainment product of all time. Given the ongoing success of Call of Duty, it wouldn’t make sense for Activision to stop making regular, yearly releases in the franchise.

Although there are plenty of reasons to release the game as multiplayer only, we can’t help but feel that if Call of Duty: Black Ops 4 releases without a single-player campaign, it would be a tough sell. There’s speculation abound that it could release with the Modern Warfare 2 campaign, but a remaster of a 2009 game isn’t why some of us bother with Call of Duty games year on year. More so when you consider that some of gaming’s greatest single-player moments — such as the All Ghillied Up mission in Call of Duty: Modern Warfare and the Viktor Reznov reveal in the first Call of Duty: Black Ops — stem from the Call of Duty series.

For the longest time, the three pillars of the Call of Duty experience were its campaign, multiplayer, and cooperative mode. This year it appears that the campaign would be replaced by a battle royale mode. And while this change might sync well with the Black Ops 4 tagline of “forget what you know”, it doesn’t seem to promise the same amount of value, at least on paper.

Hopefully the Call of Duty: Black Ops 4 reveal on May 17 proves us wrong, but it’s safe to say that regardless of the content (or lack thereof) in Call of Duty: Black Ops 4, expect to pay full price.

If you're a fan of video games, check out Transition, Gadgets 360's gaming podcast. You can listen to it via Apple Podcasts or RSS, or just listen to this week's episode by hitting the play button below.Swedish state-owned utility Vattenfall is partnering with Geely-owned Volvo Cars to help owners recharge their electric vehicles (EV) at home, the firms said on Thursday. The move comes two weeks after Vattenfall launched plans to become northwestern Europe's largest operator of EV-charging infrastructure within five years. Volvo Cars' market share for plug-in hybrid cars in its home market Sweden is now about 18 percent. The carmaker has a target for 50 percent of the cars it sells to be electric by 2025, Volvo Cars said in a joint statement with Vattenfall.

"Our strategy going forward is to focus aggressively on electrified cars. A functioning infrastructure for charging is therefore needed both in the community and where our customers live," said Kristian Elvefors, Volvo Cars' managing director.

About 90 percent of all electric vehicle charging takes place at work or at home, said Vattenfall.

Under the partnership, Volvo car owners can visit the carmaker's website and order a charging box. Vattenfall would deliver, install and service the unit, a Vattenfall spokeswoman said.

Others vying for a share of the charging business include French utility Engie, Germany's Innogy and ChargePoint, whose owners include BMW, Daimler and Siemens.

Vattenfall's Finnish rival Fortum has also made several acquisitions to compete in the sector.

(Editing by Edmund Blair)

© Thomson Reuters 2018

For the latest auto news and reviews, follow CarAndBike on Twitter, Facebook, and subscribe to our YouTube channel.Trying to figure out which of these cars to buy? Compare the Maruti Suzuki Vitara Brezza Vs Maruti Suzuki Vitara Brezza Vs Maruti Suzuki Vitara Brezza on CarAndBike to make an informed buying decision as to which Car to buy in 2018. This comparison has been carried out on the basis of prices, engine specifications, mileage, and features of these cars.

Compare Price

The (New Delhi) on-road price of the base Diesel version of the Maruti Suzuki Vitara Brezza costs ₹ 8.18 Lakh, whereas the Diesel top-end costs ₹ 10.93 Lakh.

Compare Mileage

As for the claimed fuel efficiency, the Maruti Suzuki Vitara Brezza base Diesel engine returns 24 kmpl.

Compare Engine

In the powertrain department, the Maruti Suzuki Vitara Brezza gets 1 Diesel engine options - 89 bhp Diesel engines.ASK OUR EXPERTS

Choose Topic --Select-- Breast Feeding Tobacco Control Bones & Joints Children Child Development Cancer Diabetes Drugs Ear Emotions Eyes Living Healthy Health Insurance Heart HIV/AIDS Infection Injuries/FirstAid Liver Men's Health Nutrition Pregnancy Rehabilitation Medicine Sexual Health Skin Surgery Teeth Travel and Health Tuberculosis Women's HealthAMG! These three letters could be considered the last word when it comes to performance cars that are mental enough to get your juices flowing, and yet carry let's say an air of practicality rolled into them. Slowly shedding its image of simply being the performance wing of Mercedes-Benz, the Mercedes-AMG brand has now come into its own, selling a record 133,000 units last year. Hitting a new sales milestone in its 50th year was special, but lucky for us the folks at AMG aren't resting on their laurels. Enter the fastest and most powerful E-Class ever built. Powered by a maddening V8 bi-turbo, the usually stately sedan turns into a track fiend. So today we have got our hands, albeit very briefly on the new Mercedes-AMG E63S 4Matic+ sedan at the Buddh International Circuit.

(The engine on the E63S is a fire-breathing monster and it is LOUD) (The engine on the E63S is a fire-breathing monster and it is LOUD)

Also Read: Mercedes-AMG E 63 S 4MATIC+ Launched In India. Check Out The Prices

Being an AMG the car has to look the part. The front end in particular, oozes sheer muscle thanks to the creases on the bonnet and a shapely bumper. The grille gets two chrome slats, joining in on the star symbol, keeping the whole affair classy and elegant. Viewed in profile, the car retains the silhouette of the standard E-class. Coming to the rear, the boot has this cool spoiler on top and the rest of the brawn is added on by the AMG and E63S lettering and those chrome tipped quad exhaust pipes. Overall, the car might not be an outright looker but if the looks don't pique your interest, the sound absolutely will! Exhilarating! It has to be! The E63S gets a mad 4.0-litre V8 turbocharged engine that makes just over 600 bhp at 5750-6500 rpm and pumps out a massive 850 Nm of peak at 2500-4500 rpm. The engine is paired to a very slick AMG Speedshift 9-Speed sport transmission. Thumb the starter and the car awakens with an angry growl! Start moving and mash the throttle and you wouldn't even realise when you started doing illegal speeds. The E63S builds up speed quickly and the 9-speed auto transmission does a good job of holding the gears right up till the red line and shift at the precise moment, right when you are looking for that burst of power, sliding the rear while exiting a corner. We did see 240 kmph + at the 1.1 kilometre long back straight at the Buddh International Circuit before the instrumentation console started flashing a warning sign saying the winter tyres are beyond its maximum speed limit. (Winter tyres at BIC? Mercedes-Benz, what were you thinking). Having said that, the Pirelli P Zero 295/30/ZR20 tyres are super grippy and can keep up with the throttle inputs!

(Despite being a performance car, the E63S looks stately) (Despite being a performance car, the E63S looks stately)

If you are still up for shenanigans, The E63S also lets you engage a 'drift-mode'. All you need to do is select the 'Race' mode, switch off the ESP and traction control, use the paddleshifts to shift gear and voila! You are ready to kill tyres and blow smoke! What is also impressive is the fully variable torque distribution system along with the 4Matic+ AWD system can distribute the spread of torque to the wheels as and when needed.

(And it can tranport 4-5 passengers with utmost comfort as well. Its an E-Class after all) (And it can tranport 4-5 passengers with utmost comfort as well. Its an E-Class after all)

And after all that performance, comes the sound! Close to the red line, the E63S breaks fully into this sweet symphony with the distinct bass laden guttural roar of the V8 bi-turbo. Brake and shift down and the overrun will make your eyes gleam with joy and put a giant smile on your face. The car sounds angry and raring to go, especially when you have it in Sport+ or Race mode. For a full blown four-door sedan, the E63S does a good job of sticking to the line and handles really well. It is not exactly razor sharp, but in case you want to carve through a set of twists, the car and its chassis is more than up for it. The E63S gets AMG carbon ceramic brakes, which offer excellent stopping power and did not fade away even after three proper laps. Oh! And you can specify the brake callipers in either red or yellow! We are biased towards the yellow though.

(The single slat grille gives the car an aggressive front end) (The single slat grille gives the car an aggressive front end)

Sure it is an AMG with a V8, but that does not mean it cannot transport 4-5 people in utmost comfort. We got limited time with the car and the few things that we could glance at, was the Burmester audio system, nappa leather upholstery, climatised front seats and the regular COMAND system. Then, there is the dual zone automatic climate control system. Oh! And the car has been launched in India at a price of ₹ 1.5 crore and upwards. (ex-showroom, India).

(The E63S is recipe for sheer, unbridled driving joy) (The E63S is recipe for sheer, unbridled driving joy)

The Mercedes-AMG E63S 4Matic+ (Yes! It's a mouthful) could be called as an E-Class which was hit by gamma radiation and got an alter ego, like how the docile Dr. Bruce Banner turns into the monstrous, rampaging Hulk. In its Bruce Banner guise, the E63S could be your daily ride to work, the car that drops your kids to schools, picks up parents from the airport and at the sight of a racetrack, the car turns into the hulk! And, it takes just 3.4 seconds to do so! Yes, that is the claimed 0-100 kmph sprint time. So, that's the secret, folks! The AMG E63S 4Matic+ is always angry!

For the latest auto news and reviews, follow CarAndBike on Twitter, Facebook, and subscribe to our YouTube channel.Trying to figure out which of these cars to buy? Compare the Renault Kwid Vs Maruti Suzuki Alto 800 on CarAndBike to make an informed buying decision as to which Car to buy in 2018. This comparison has been carried out on the basis of prices, engine specifications, mileage, and features of these cars.

Compare Price

The ex-showroom, New Delhi price of the Maruti Suzuki Alto 800 Petrol starts at ₹ 2.78 Lakh and goes up to ₹ 3.68 Lakh for the fully-loaded Petrol model. On the other hand, the price of the base Petrol+CNG version of the Maruti Suzuki Alto 800 Petrol+CNG starts at ₹ 4.09 Lakh and goes up to ₹ 4.15 Lakh for the fully-loaded Petrol+CNG model. On the other hand, the price of the base Petrol version of the Renault Kwid Petrol starts at ₹ 2.91 Lakh and goes up to ₹ 5.37 Lakh for the fully-loaded Petrol model.

Compare Mileage

As for the claimed fuel efficiency, Maruti Suzuki Alto 800 base Petrol engine returns 25 kmpl Maruti Suzuki Alto 800 base Petrol+CNG engine returns 33 kmpl The Renault Kwid base Petrol engine returns 25 kmpl.

Compare Engine

In the powertrain department, the Maruti Suzuki Alto 800 gets 1 Petrol 1 Petrol+CNG - 47 bhp Petrol and - 40 bhp Petrol+CNG and The Renault Kwid comes in 2 Petrol engine options - 53 bhp Petrol ,67 bhp Petrol engines.LG G7 ThinQ debuted on Wednesday as the company's latest flagship - aimed at countering the likes of Apple iPhone X and Samsung Galaxy S9. The new smartphone has a top-of-the-line hardware that includes a thin-bezel FullView Super Bright display, Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 SoC, and dual rear camera setup. It also comes with Android Oreo along with a new version of LG UX on top. All this makes the latest LG smartphone a decent alternative in the premium segment. However, the South Korean has also provided a bunch of proprietary features that make its newest model a compelling option. These features are using the hardware-software mix of the LG G7 ThinQ to deliver an advanced user experience.

Here, we cover a total of seven new features of the LG G7 ThinQ that you should know about.

AI CAM

First in the list of the LG G7 ThinQ features is AI CAM that was initially a part of the LG V30S ThinQ. The feature, which is based on artificial intelligence (AI) based algorithms, offers a total of 19 shooting models that are designed to enhance the memories captured from the dual rear camera setup. The smartphone also has three effect options that can be picked up to improve photos further. Plus, there are AI algorithms that are touted to adjust the camera settings automatically when capturing shots in low light.

Portrait mode

Alongside the AI CAM, the LG G7 ThinQ comes preloaded with a Portrait mode that blurs backgrounds to enhance foreground subjects, also known as the depth-of-field Bokeh effect. This appears similar to the Portrait mode available on many other smartphones. Furthermore, the handset can generate the Bokeh effect using either the standard or the Super Wide Angle lens of the rear camera setup that comes with an f/1.9 aperture and 107-degree of view.

3D Stickers

The LG G7 ThinQ has 3D Stickers that use the smartphone's face recognition technology to generate 2D and 3D overlays such a sunglasses and headbands. These objects can be viewed directly on the display. LG looks set to take on Apple's Animoji and Samsung's AR Stickers by offering 3D Stickers on the latest G series model.

Live Photo mode

Similar to 3D Stickers, the LG G7 ThinQ has a Live Photo mode that reminds us the Live Photos feature of Apple's iOS. The mode records a scene one second before and after once the shutter is pressed. This helps to capture snippets of unexpected moments or expressions that would be missed normally.

Boombox Speaker

In addition to the camera-focused features, the LG G7 ThinQ has a Boombox Speaker that creates a resonance chamber by utilising the internal space of the smartphone to produce double the bass of conventional smartphones, and increases the amplitude by more than 6dB. The company claims that the new speaker design offers a powerful "boombox" sound and transform the built-in speaker into a woofer to amplify the bass effect.

DTS:X

The next audiophile-centric feature that the LG G7 ThinQ has is DTS:X support. This is claimed to help deliver virtual 3D surround sound of any type of content - irrespective of what earphones you are using - up to 7.1 channel. Notably, there is a 3.5mm headphone jack that offers compatibility with a wide range of earphones. The smartphone is also equipped with a Hi-Fi Quad DAC technology that is touted to provide a rich sound experience when paired with high-impedance earphones.

Dedicated Google Assistant button

Last but not the least in the list of major new features the LG G7 ThinQ offers is the dedicated Google Assistant button that helps you launch Google's voice assistant with a single tap. You can also double tap the button to launch Google Lens. Similarly, you can start talking to the Google Assistant by holding down the dedicated button. This sounds similar to a walkie-talkie that comes with a push-to-talk (PTT) button.Diabetes: a group of metabolic diseases that cause high blood sugar level

Type-1 diabetes is a situation where body is unable to produce insulinAsus was one of the first companies to kick off the low-cost smartphone war in India way back in 2014 with the original Zenfone 4, 5, and 6, which were all extremely popular. Can the new ZenFone Max Pro M1 take on the likes of Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro and help Asus make a dent in the sub-Rs 15,000 price segment? Here's our review of the ZenFone Max Pro M1.A special screening of Amitabh Bachchan and Rishi Kapoor's new film 102 Not Out was held at a suburban preview theatre. Close friends of both the veteran stars Javed Akhtar and Shabana Azmi were spotted at the screening.Mahesh Babu in Bharat Ane Nenu. (Image courtesy: Mahesh Babu)

Highlights "It's a victory for good cinema above all," said Mahesh Babu Mahesh Babu's film collected Rs 100 crore in two days Bharat Ane Nenu is directed by Koratala Siva

The break-up would be Domestic 74 Crs and Overseas 26 Crs (US$4 M).. Approximate.. https://t.co/YnJJIwVMpB — Ramesh Bala (@rameshlaus) April 22, 2018

Now this is BIGGG NEWS... And a TERRIFIC SURPRISE... Telugu films are creating ripples in AUSTRALIA... Australia was always dominated by *well-made* Hindi and Punjabi films, but two Telugu films - #Rangasthalam and #BharatAneNenu - have emerged GAME CHANGERS [non-#Baahubali]... — taran adarsh (@taran_adarsh) April 21, 2018

Telugu film #BharatAneNenu storms into TOP 5 charts in AUSTRALIA... Today [Sun; Day 3], it will emerge the SECOND HIGHEST OPENER - 2018, after #Padmaavat [note: opening weekend biz]...

Fri A$ 168,194

Sat A$ 116,017 / 38 locations

Total: A$ 284,211 [1.44 cr] #BAN@Rentrak — taran adarsh (@taran_adarsh) April 22, 2018

Mahesh Babu's, which released on Friday is reportedly the fastest film to make Rs 100 crore in 2018. According to trade analyst Ramesh Bala, the Koratala Siva-directed film has earned 74 crore from the domestic market and Rs 26 crore from the international circuits in two days. Mahesh Babu releasedon his mother's birthday. Fans of the Telugu superstar have been celebrating's box office success with several hashtags for the film. On Facebook, Mahesh Babu thanked his fans and wrote: "Thank you everyone for all the love for. He also thanked his team and wrote in another post: "Feeling blessed... Glad I fulfilled the promise of making all of you proud. Thank you Siva Koratala sir for. The success of the film is a victory for all of us and for good cinema above all. Congratulations to my entire team."Here's what Mahesh Babu posted on Facebook:In, Mahesh Babu plays the role of Andhra Pradesh's chief minister, who takes charge of the state to fight for the rights of his people. According to trade analyst Taran Adarsh,may become this year's second highest Indian opener in Australia after "." He tweeted: "Telugu films are creating ripples in Australia. Australia was always dominated by well-made Hindi and Punjabi films, but two Telugu films -and- have emerged game changers."After, Mahesh Babu has one film each with director Vamsi and one withdirector Sukumar.Defending world champion Lewis Hamilton claimed his first win of 2018 on Sunday and took over as leader of the title race when he triumphed in a dramatic, crash-strewn Azerbaijan Grand Prix . The 33-year-old Briton, who had struggled for outright pace, managed to steer his Mercedes through a chaotic race and capitalize on others' misfortunes to register his first victory in seven races and the 63rd of his career. Sebastian Vettel of Ferrari looked set to turn pole position into a victory until a second Safety Car intervention left him lunging to pass Valtteri Bottas and locked up and ran off. Bottas then seemed sure to win, but suffered a sudden right rear puncture on his Mercedes after running over metal debris on the straight. Hamilton flew past to return to the top of the podium

"That was quite an emotional race, to be honest," said Hamilton, who now leads the championship by four points from Vettel.

"Valtteri deserved to have the win and also Sebastian did a great job. I was very fortunate today so it feels a bit odd to me to be here."

Vettel managed to continue and finish fourth ahead of his teammate Kimi Raikkonen and Mexican Sergio Perez of Force India.

Carlos Sainz finishing fifth for Renault and Charles Leclerc sixth for Sauber, his first points finish. Fernando Alonso finished seventh for McLaren ahead of Canadian Lance Stroll of Williams, Stoffel Vandoorne in the second McLaren and New Zealand's Brendon Hartley of Toro Rosso who scored his first point in F1.

The race was heavily punctuated by accidents which included one in which the two Red Bulls of Daniel Ricciardo and Max Verstappen collided while fighting for fourth place in the closing stages, the pair having banged wheels and battled for positions throughout the race.

They ended up among the seven retirements on a challenging day on the second-longest circuit on the calendar.

- Red Bull wipe-out -

In cooler conditions with a strong blustery wind, the drama unfolded from the start. As the lights went out, Vettel was away fast enough from his 53rd pole to hold off Hamilton in second, but behind them mayhem erupted. Raikkonen, starting sixth, attempted to pass inside Ocon's Force India, but the Frenchman turned in and as the pair collided he crashed into the wall.

In the surrounding chaos, Sergey Sirotkin was also contacted and he went down an escape road while Raikkonen limped back to the Ferrari pits. The luckless Alonso suffered punctured right front and rear tyres.

The multiple incidents required a Safety Car before the action settled and racing resumed, after five laps.

Vettel pulled away to open a three seconds lead ahead of Hamilton and Bottas after 10 of the scheduled 51 laps of the tight and fast Baku street track.

On lap 11, Nico Hulkenberg lost control of his Renault and clipped a wall at Turn Four as Ricciardo began a series of attacks on his Red Bull team-mate, the pair banging wheels to the consternation of their pit wall.

At the front, Vettel was in control and opened up a 3.6 seconds lead despite Hamilton recording fastest laps.

"These tyres are done," complained Hamilton, who pitted to switch to 'softs' after 22 laps, rejoining third behind Bottas, but ahead of Verstappen. Vettel led the Finn by 12.5 seconds after 25 laps.

The Red Bulls continued providing thrills as they fought for fourth, Ricciardo passing Verstappen outside Turn One before the Dutch tyro regained the place inside Turn Two.

With 20 laps to go, Vettel finally pitted and passed the lead to Bottas, but rejoined 8.5 seconds ahead of Hamilton. A frustrated Hamilton complained about back markers, but began clawing back time, recorded a fastest lap and then saw Bottas go eight-tenths quicker.

A tense and high-speed conclusion was clearly in prospect before, after their pit-stops had reversed positions, Ricciardo rammed into Verstappen under braking for Turn One on lap 41.

The Safety Car was deployed again and the leaders pitted for new ultra-soft tyres to set up a charging 10-lap finale.

The action resumed with four laps remaining and promptly delivered even more twists as Vettel lunged to take the lead from Bottas, but locked up and fell to fourth.

Then, with two laps remaining, Bottas suffered a right rear punctured after running over debris. "Oh my God, it just blew up on me," he said as Hamilton took the lead ahead of Raikkonen and Perez.OnePlus 6 is all set to be unveiled on May 16 and just ahead of official launch, the smartphone has made an appearance on a Chinese certification site revealing its full specifications. When it comes to OnePlus 6 and its specifications, most of the key details have already been confirmed by the company and they suggest a decent upgrade over the OnePlus 5T. While most of the other details have already been revealed in several leaks and rumours over the past few months, the latest leak reconfirms them. However, the new listing does not provide any official images of the OnePlus 6.

As per Slashleaks, a OnePlus smartphone with model number A6000 have been certified by TENAA, as spotted by Slashleaks, revealing full specifications. According to the OnePlus A6000 listing, the smartphone sports a 6.28-inch full-HD+ (1080x2280 pixels) AMOLED display. The smartphone is powered by a 2.45GHz octa-core processor that means the Snapdragon 845 SoC. In the current listing, the OnePlus 6 is equipped with 6GB of RAM and inbuilt storage of 64GB. However, the TENAA listing of the smartphone may soon get updated with an 8GB RAM listing as well, including inbuilt storage variants up to 256GB.

The OnePlus 6 will come with Android 8.1 Oreo, as per the listing. In terms of optics, the handset sports a dual camera setup that includes a 20-megapixel primary sensor and a 16-megapixel secondary sensor. On the front, it has a 16-megapixel camera for selfies. Further, the smartphone will be fuelled up by 3300mAh battery and it measures 155.7x75.35x7.75mm and it weighs 177 grams.

So far, OnePlus itself has confirmed a lot of things about the OnePlus 6. First off, is it will sport an iPhone X-like notch to house its front camera, proximity sensor, and earpiece, and users will get the software option to hide the notch if they don't like it. The smartphone will also have a glass back panel, which is thought to enable wireless charging, and it will be made of 'new materials', the company had teased.

Notably, OnePlus 6 India price details got leaked earlier this week. The OnePlus 6 expected to be launched in India priced at Rs. 36,999 for the 64GB storage variant, while the 128GB variant will cost Rs. 39,999.Chief Minister Pinarayi Vijayan has directed collectors and police chiefs to arrange help desks at railway stations and main bus stands for students appearing for NEET exams on May 6th.

In the back drop of many students traveling to other districts and students from other states are coming here to write exams CM has asked authorities to take extra effort in making their commute effortless, accommodation comfortable and be ready to offer any assistance.माइक्रो ब्लॉगिं साइट Twitter ने अपने 33 करोड़ यूज़र को अपना पासवर्ड बदलने की गुज़ारिश की है। कंपनी का कहना है कि यूज़र को पासवर्ड इंटरनल सिस्टम पर किसी तरह 'पढ़े जाने वाले मोड' में स्टोर हो गए थे। इस प्रक्रिया को हैशिंग भी कहा जाता है। Twitter ने एक ब्लॉग पोस्ट के ज़रिए इस मामले को गुरुवार को ज़ाहिर किया। ब्लॉग पोस्ट के हवाले से कहा गया कि समस्या का समाधान किया जा चुका है और एक आंतरिक जांच में पता चला है कि किसी का भी पासवर्ड हैक या चोरी नहीं हुआ है। फिर भी Twitter की तरफ से यह कहा गया है कि यूज़र अपना-अपना पासवर्ड बदल लें।चीफ एग्जिक्युटिव जैक डोर्सी ने एक ट्वीट के ज़रिए कहा, ''हमने बग को फिक्स कर दिया है, किसी भी तरह के गलत इस्तेमाल की अब कोई आशंका नहीं है। सावधानी के लिए हम गुज़ारिश करते हैं कि सभी यूज़र अपना-अपना पासवर्ड बदल लें।'' ब्लॉग में यह नहीं बताया गया है कि कितने पासवर्ड इस समस्या से प्रभावित हुए थे। कंपनी के जवाब की जानकारी रखने वाले एक युवक ने बताया कि प्रभावित पासवर्ड की ठोस संख्या नहीं पता है और ऐसा बीते कुछ महीनों से हुआ है।यह खुलासा, इक्विफैक्स, फेसबुक और ऊबर टेक्नॉलजीस के सिक्यॉरिटी से जुड़े मसलों के बाद हुआ है। बता दें कि यूरोपियन यूनियन जल्द ही प्रिवेसी लॉ में बदलाव करने जा रहा है। ट्विटर ने कुछ हफ्तों पहले एक बग पकड़ा था और इसका उल्लंघन करने वालों को रिपोर्ट किया था। मसले की चर्चा सार्वजनिक तौर पर नहीं की गई थी।कुल मिलाकर इस बग को फिक्स कर लिया गया है। लेकिन कंपनी ने यूजर्स को सावधानी बरतने की बात कही है। कंपनी का कहना है कि सतर्कता के तहत, हम आपसे उन सभी सेवाओं का पासवर्ड बदलने को कहेंगे जहां आपने ट्विटर वाला पासवर्ड इस्तेमाल किया है।Prices of prepaid recharge plans of Airtel, Reliance Jio and Vodafone, vary.

Bharti Airtel offers many prepaid recharge plans ranging from 1 hour-validity to that of a year. However, some prepaid recharge plans are among its best-selling unlimited packs, with unlimited data, and unlimited calling benefits. These prepaid recharge plans are priced at Rs 249, Rs 448, Rs 449, and Rs 509. Intense competition in the telecom sector unleashed by rival Reliance Jio has also made Vodafone India offer prepaid recharge plans with similar data benefits. All these prepaid recharge plans from Airtel, Jio and Vodafone offer similar data and calling benefits. The prices of all these plans, however, vary.This Airtel plan offers 2 GB or gigabytes of 3G/4G data per day, according to airtel.in. Local and STD calls and incoming and outgoing on roaming are unlimited. A total of 100 local/ national SMS (short message service) are offered every day. This prepaid recharge plan of Airtel is valid for 28 days.This Airtel plan offers 1.4 of 3G/4G data per day, said Airtel. Local and STD calls and incoming and outgoing on roaming are unlimited. Hundred local/national SMS are offered every day. This prepaid recharge plan of Airtel is valid for 82 days.(Some of Airtel's prepaid recharge plans are among its best-selling unlimited packs, with unlimited data, and unlimited calling benefits.)This Airtel plan offers 2 GB 3G/4G data per day, according to Airtel's website. Local and STD calls and incoming and outgoing on roaming are unlimited. A total of 100 local/national SMS are offered every day. This prepaid recharge plan of Airtel is valid for 82 days.This Airtel plan offers 1.4 GB 3G/4G data per day , according to airtel.in. Local and STD calls and incoming and outgoing on roaming are unlimited. Hundred local/national SMS are offered every day. This prepaid recharge plan of Airtel is valid for 90 days. Reliance Jio has nine prepaid recharge plans that offer between 1.5 GB and 2 GB of data, according to jio.com.This Jio prepaid recharge plan offers 1.5 GB high-speed data per day, after which internet speed gets reduced to 64 Kbps. The total data offered in this plan is 42 GB. Voice calls are unlimited and 100 SMS per day are bundled with this pack. This prepaid recharge plan of Jio is valid for 28 days.This Jio prepaid recharge plan offers 2 GB high-speed data per day, after which internet speed gets reduced to 64 Kbps. The total data offered in this plan is 56 GB. Voice calls are unlimited and 100 SMS per day are bundled with this pack. This prepaid recharge plan of Jio is valid for 28 days.(The total data offered in this prepaid recharge plan of Jio is 102 GB.)This prepaid recharge plan, known as the Jio cricket pack, offers 2 GB high-speed data per day, after which the internet speed gets reduced to 64 Kbps. The total data offered in this plan is 102 GB. Voice calls are unlimited and 100 SMS per day. This prepaid recharge plan of Jio is valid for 51 days. It can be used to access all internet content.This Jio prepaid recharge plan offers 1.5 GB high-speed data per day, after which internet speed gets reduced to 64 Kbps. The total data offered in this plan is 105 GB. Voice calls are unlimited and 100 SMS per day are bundled with this pack. This prepaid recharge plan of Jio is valid for 70 days.(Reliance Jio has nine prepaid recharge plans that offer between 1.5 GB and 2 GB of data.)This Jio prepaid recharge plan offers 2 GB high-speed data per day, after which internet speed gets reduced to 64 Kbps. The total data offered in this plan is 140 GB. Voice calls are unlimited and 100 SMS per day are bundled with this pack. This prepaid recharge plan of Jio is valid for 70 days.This Jio prepaid recharge plan offers 1.5 GB high-speed data per day, after which internet speed gets reduced to 64 Kbps. The total data offered in this plan is 126 GB. Voice calls are unlimited and 100 SMS per day are bundled with this pack. This prepaid recharge plan of Jio is valid for 84 days.This Jio prepaid recharge plan offers 2 GB high-speed data per day, after which internet speed gets reduced to 64 Kbps. The total data offered in this plan is 168 GB. Voice calls are unlimited and 100 SMS per day are also added with this pack. This prepaid recharge plan of Jio is valid for 84 days.This Jio prepaid recharge plan offers 1.5 GB high-speed data per day, after which internet speed gets reduced to 64 Kbps. The total data offered in this plan is 136 GB. Voice calls are unlimited and 100 SMS per day are also added with this pack. This prepaid recharge plan of Jio is valid for 91 days.This Jio prepaid recharge plan offers 2 GB high-speed data per day, after which internet speed gets reduced to 64 Kbps. The total data offered in this plan is 182 GB. Voice calls are unlimited and 100 SMS per day are also added with this pack. This prepaid recharge plan of Jio is valid for 91 days.Vodafone offers unlimited calls and unlimited data in its SuperPlans range of prepaid recharge plans, according to vodafone.in. Vodafone offers three prepaid recharge plans with 1.4 GB data per day while one of its SuperPlans offers 2 GB data per day.This Vodafone prepaid recharge plan offers 1.4 GB 3G/4G data per day. Local, STD and roaming calls within India are unlimited. Hundred SMS per day are bundled with this prepaid recharge plan. This Vodafone pack is valid for 28 days.This Vodafone prepaid recharge plan offers 2 GB 3G/4G data per day. Local, STD and roaming calls within India are unlimited. Hundred SMS per day are bundled with this prepaid recharge plan. This Vodafone pack is valid for 28 days.(Vodafone offers unlimited calls and unlimited data in its SuperPlans range of prepaid recharge plans.)This Vodafone prepaid recharge plan offers 1.4 GB 3G/4G data per day. Local, STD and roaming calls within India are unlimited. Hundred SMS per day are bundled with this prepaid recharge plan. This Vodafone pack is valid for 84 days.This Vodafone prepaid recharge plan offers 1.4 GB 3G/4G data per day. Local, STD and roaming calls within India are unlimited. Hundred SMS per day are bundled with this prepaid recharge plan. This Vodafone pack is valid for 90 days.What is the role of Duphaston in pregnancy?

Answered by: Dr Chandra M Gulhati | Editor, MIMS,

New Delhi



Q: I am 28 years old and two months pregnant. My doctor prescribed Duphaston 10 mg tablet a day. I checked the needs for this drug on the internet and now I am bit confused as to why I was asked to take this drug when I am pregnant. Is there a particular reason to take this drug during early stages of pregnancy? I am pregnant with my second child. Did not experience any complications with the first one and nor do I have any at this stage.

A:

Duphaston is the brand name given to it by the company. The name of the medicine is a hormone called dydrogesterone (progesterone). This product is indicated in women trying to conceive if there is proven, documented deficiency of the progesterone hormone (during luteal phase). Once conception has taken place, progesterone hormone is indicated only in pregnancies due to assisted reproductive techniques such as IVF etc. or in cases of habitual abortion (repeated miscarriages).



Misuse and overuse of progesterone can lead to a number of side effects including fetal death and spontaneous abortion (more so in the first three months of gestation), musculanisation of female fetus (such as unwanted hair on face), birth defects in babies such as cleft palate and heart defects. Therefore in the United States, the use of progesterone during "known or suspected pregnancy" is banned. During pregnancy, one should take the most minimal mandatory medicines such as folic acid 5mg daily (such as Folet). If there is anaemia, then one should take an iron preparation along with folic acid (such as Probofex), one capsule a day.

Also read: 7 Foods You Must Aoid During Pregnancy

Duphaston in pregnancy: Is it safe to us?ASK OUR EXPERTS

Choose Topic --Select-- Breast Feeding Tobacco Control Bones & Joints Children Child Development Cancer Diabetes Drugs Ear Emotions Eyes Living Healthy Health Insurance Heart HIV/AIDS Infection Injuries/FirstAid Liver Men's Health Nutrition Pregnancy Rehabilitation Medicine Sexual Health Skin Surgery Teeth Travel and Health Tuberculosis Women's HealthA $20 billion valuation for Flipkart would be substantially higher than the $12 billion mark hit in 2017

Highlights World's largest retailer Walmart to get leading position in Indian market Flipkart is most valuable startup in India Amazon has been trying to take control of Flipkart with competing offer

The board of Flipkart Online Services Pvt has approved an agreement to sell about 75 percent of the company to a Walmart Inc.-led group for approximately $15 billion, according to people familiar with the matter, an enormous bet by the American retailer on international expansion.Under the proposed deal, SoftBank Group Corp . will sell all of the 20-plus percent stake it holds in Flipkart through an investment fund at a valuation of roughly $20 billion, said the people, asking not to be named because the matter is private. Google-parent Alphabet Inc . is likely to participate in the investment with Walmart, said one of the people. A final close is expected within 10 days, though terms could still change and a deal isn't certain, they said.That would seal a Walmart triumph over Amazon.com Inc ., which has been trying to take control of Flipkart with a competing offer. Flipkart's board ultimately decided a deal with Walmart is more likely to win regulatory approval because Amazon is the No. 2 e-commerce operator in India behind Flipkart and its primary competitor. Amazon is out of the running unless Walmart hits unforeseen trouble.If completed, the deal will give Bentonville, Arkansas-based Walmart a leading position in the growing market of 1.3 billion people and a chance to rebuild its reputation online. The world's largest retailer has struggled against Amazon as consumers increase their spending on the internet. India is the next big potential prize after the U.S. and China, where foreign retailers have made little progress against Alibaba Group Holding Ltd.SoftBank declined to comment. Flipkart, Walmart and Google didn't immediately respond to requests for comment.Amazon has already been aggressively expanding in the country on its own. Founder Jeff Bezos has committed $5.5 billion to the country and his local chief, Amit Agarwal , has made progress by adapting the site to local conditions.After Losing China, Jeff Bezos Really Wants to Win in IndiaAmazon has been gaining ground quickly on Flipkart and it tried to derail the Walmart transaction at least in part because it will fortify the Indian rival. Walmart can aid Flipkart with deep pockets and decades of retailing expertise in skills from logistics to marketing. The U.S. retailer has been working to win over the Indian company since at least last year.Last month, Walmart agreed to cede control of its U.K. grocery chain, Asda, as part of a global strategy to prioritize faster-growing markets over some more mature ones. Walmart is merging Asda with the British retailer J Sainsbury Plc and will retain a 42 percent stake in the combined company.As part of the Walmart deal, Flipkart's existing shareholders Tencent Holdings Ltd., South Africa's Naspers Ltd. and Microsoft Corp. are expected to retain small stakes, the people said.A $20 billion valuation for Flipkart would be substantially higher than the $12 billion mark it hit last year. It is already the most valuable startup in India. SoftBank stands to make a tidy profit on a stake it took only last year. The Japanese company, through its Vision Fund, invested $2.5 billion at the earlier valuation, people familiar said at the time. That stake could be worth more than $4 billion at the Walmart deal's valuation.01

Source: Photo: Varinder Chawla

Kajol visited Karan Johar, her friend-turned-foe-turned-friend, on Thursday evening. The actress was spotted exiting KJo's apartment building.



Karan Johar has directed Kajol in films such as Kuch Kuch Hota Hai and Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham...GST Council discussed the imposition of cess on sugar over and above the 5% GST

Highlights GST Council approves new system of filing returns Taxpayers will be meant to file monthly returns The prevailing system of return filing will continue for six months

The GST Council on Friday paved way for the single form GST return based on the recommendations of the GoM (group of ministers) on IT simplification. The GST return filing will now happen only once every month compared to the three returns a month followed earlier. Union Finance Secretary Hasmukh Adhia claimed that the newly introduce monthly return filing system will be effective in the next six months and the present system of filing of return through GSTR 3B and GSTR 1 forms would continue for not more than six months. Besides this, the GST council meet on Friday also gave a green signal to making the GST Network a government entity as it is set to take over the 51% stake that is currently being held by the private entities. The meet of GST Council, the highest decision making body in the GST regime, on Friday was held via video conferencing since the Union finance minister Arun Jaitley is not keeping well and under the medical supervision for his kidney and infection related ailments.1. GST Taxpayers excluding a few exceptions like composition dealer shall file one monthly return. Return filing dates shall be staggered based on the turnover of the registered person to manage load on the IT system. Composition dealers and dealers having nil transaction shall have facility to file quarterly return. Vishal Raheja, DGM GST, Taxmann, welcomed the simplification of GST filing process. He said,"One of the major decision for simplified return has been finally approved by the Council. This has been a significant step as one return in place of three monthly returns is a welcome move."2.: There shall be unidirectional flow of invoices uploaded on GST Network by the seller on anytime basis during the month which would be the valid document to avail input tax credit by the buyer. Buyer would also be able to continuously see the uploaded invoices during the month.3.The B2B dealers will have to fill invoice-wise details of the outward supply made by them, based on which the system will automatically calculate his tax liability. The input tax credit will be calculated automatically by the system based on invoices uploaded by his sellers. Taxpayer shall be also given user friendly IT interface and offline IT tool to upload the invoices.4:Keeping in view the need to move towards a less cash economy , the Council has discussed in detail the proposal of a concession of 2% in GST rate (where the GST rate is 3% or more, 1% each from applicable CGST and SGST rates) on B2C supplies, for which payment is made through cheque or digital mode, subject to a ceiling of Rs. 100 per transaction, so as to incentivise promotion of digital payment. The council has recommended for setting up of a Group of Ministers from State Governments to look into the proposal and make recommendations, before the next Council meeting, keeping in mind the views expressed in GST Council.5.The council deliberated over the imposition of cess on sugar over and above 5% GST and also over the reduction in GST rate on ethanol. Keeping in view the record production of sugar in the current sugar season, and consequent depressed sugar prices and build-up of sugarcane arrears, the Council discussed the issue of imposition of sugar cess and reduction in GST rate on ethanol in great detail. The council has recommended for setting up of a Group of Ministers from State Governments to look into the proposal and make recommendations, within two weeks, keeping in mind the views expressed in GST Council in this regard.Even though Anil Kapoor is making news these days because of daughter Sonam Kapoor's wedding, this time it is his 'wax statue' that has grabbed headlines for him. It's Sonam's wedding and even the wax statue cannot keep calm. Have a look.

Of the many hats that the feisty and vivacious Anil Kapoor dons - ‘father of the bride’ is the most recent. And trust us, as exemplary as his reel life roles - he has left no stone unturned in being extraordinary at this one as well.







A rather amusing development in the wedding brouhaha is the revamping of Anil Kapoor’s wax statue - to make it ‘occasion appropriate’, a heart touching gesture by Madame Tussauds - Delhi. The ceremonial pink turban sitting on his head and two dholis beating the dhol on either sides, smiling at Mr Kapoor makes him look all set for the occasion. Here it is -

A post shared by Filmy Chutzpah (@filmy_chutzpah) on May 3, 2018 at 10:07am PDT

Reports of wife Sunita Kapoor and daughter Rhea Kapoor being actively involved in the wedding preparations along with cousins - Jahnvi Kapoor, Shanaya Kapoor and Anil Kapoor himself who would be performing at the sangeet ceremony have been doing the rounds.

The mounting excitement about the wedding of the year has all fan pages smeared with the wedding updates - from the venue details to the wedding e-invite, everything is out now. According to NDTV, the ‘Anand Karaj’ ceremony will take place at Sunita Kapoor’s sister’s bungalow. The Mehendi ceremony will also take place in Mumbai.

Jahnvi will pay a tribute to mother Sridevi, who passed away in February this year, by way of a performance on her songs. Anil Kapoor will allegedly perform on his own songs from the movies Ram Lakhan and Dil Dhadakne Do. Arjun Kapoor and Shanaya Kapoor will perform on Abhi toh party shuru hui hai and possibly on songs from Sonam’s upcoming film Veere Di Wedding.

Farah Khan who claimed to have been in charge of choreographing Sonam’s sangeet (as she said at a dance reality show), has fractured her foot in an unfortunate incident. We hope she is able to take charge at the fashionista’s sangeet.

Well, the countdown has begun for the ‘wedding of the year’. Can’t wait to lay eyes on the bride on her big day.

Also read - This Is How Virat Wished Anushka On her Birthday

Also read - Check Out The Wedding Gifts That Milind Soman And Ankita Konwar Received

Also read - Anupam Kher Captures Sonam's cute Reaction When He Congratulates HerNamrata Shirodkar with her daughter in Paris. (Image courtesy: Instagram)

Highlights Namrata Shirodkar loves the streets and summer of Paris She shared several photos of her children Gautham and Sitara Mahesh Babu appears in a few pictures

A post shared by Namrata Shirodkar (@namratashirodkar) on May 4, 2018 at 1:54pm PDT

A post shared by Namrata Shirodkar (@namratashirodkar) on Apr 30, 2018 at 3:04am PDT

Mahesh Babu and wife Namrata Shirodkar along with their children Gautham and Sitara are on a vacation in Paris and their vacation album is made up of all things nice. Namarat Shirodkar has been documenting her family's best vacation moments of Instagram, which will give anyone fam-jam goals. In one of her latest pictures, Namrata Shirodkar features in a selfie with her daughter against the backdrop of the "monstrous Eiffel tower." She wrote: "Monstrous Eiffel stands tall behind us... Sunny Paris." Namrata Shirodkar is clearly in love with the Parisian streets and summer. Take a look at the photos Namrata Shirodkar shared on Instagram from Paris. Mahesh Babu is basking in the success of his latest film Bharat Ane Nenu which fared well at the box office.had collected over Rs. 100 crore worldwide in just two days. In, Mahesh Babu plays the role of a strong-willed and honest chief minister of Andhra Pradesh, who will go to any lengths to secure the future of his people.is directed by Koratala Siva and both the director and the lead star have expressed their desire to make a sequel. However, no formal announcement has been made about the sequel Mahesh Babu met Namrata Shirodkar on the sets of 2000 filmand they fell in love. After dating for almost five years, they got married in 2005, after which Namrata quit films. She was last seen in. Mahesh Babu and Namrata Shirodkar are parents to 12-year-old Gautham Krishna and 5-year-old Sitara.17-Year-Old Indian-Origin Entrepreneur Features In Forbes List Updated: January 05, 2017 15:44 IST

The 2017 edition of Forbes' list of super achievers under the age of 30 has featured more than 30 Indian-origin innovators, entrepreneurs and leaders who seek to break the status quo and transform the world. The list includes a 17-year-old entrepreneur who is the founder of Averia Health Solutions. Here's a brief look at some of their profiles:Feeling too good

By Harshita salian | 12 Nov 2017

I have really loved this phone.... More than that it was very discounted price gadgets360 has offered... Other than. Market rate Gadgets360 thanku so much.... Delivery n ua Service was also very fast before expected dates...On this week's show of Boss' Day Out, we spend a day with Sanjeev Kumar Bijli, Joint Managing Director, PVR. The younger one of the two Bijli brothers, a family name that changed the experience of how India used to watch its movies. We spend an entire day with Sanjeev to know him better. Find out all the details.For how long is the tetanus vaccine effective?

Answered by: Prof HPS Sachdeva | Prof HPS Sachdev,

Senior Consultant Pediatrics,

Sitaram Bhartia Institute of Science and Research,

New Delhi

Q: I had a tetanus vaccine in the middle of last year and then one this year. Today I got a small scratch on my leg from an iron channel which was rusted and had a lot of dust while being dug out from our store room. The scratch was small approx. 3 inch. It was not deep but I used my old spice after shave which at that time gave a pinching pain but then pain subsided immediately. Can you please confirm that should I get a dose of tetanus put or the vaccine given this year is good enough to give me protection against tetanus?

A:

The protection from a tetanus toxoid vaccine remains for 5 years. Thus there is no need to repeat the vaccine for any cuts or injury, if you already have received the vaccine in the past five years.Rohit Sharma and Krunal Pandya delivered in desperate times as Mumbai Indians stayed alive in the IPL with a tense six-wicket win over Kings XI Punjab on Friday. Captain Rohit (24* off 15) and Krunal (31* off 12) shared a match-winning 56-run stand off just 21 balls as Mumbai Indians reached the 175-run target in 19 overs.खास बातें आरसीबी-20 में 9 पर 127, पार्थिव पटेल 53, टिम साउदी 36* रवींद्र जडेजा को तीन, तो हरभजन को मिले दो विकेट सीएसके- 18 ओवरों में 4 पर 128 रन, धोनी 31*, रायुडु 32

The Royal Navghan gets to take the precious Lion Art Plate tonight! Man of the Match ku #WhistlePodu#yellove#CSKvRCBpic.twitter.com/bHmv5QJAGh — Chennai Super Kings (@ChennaiIPL) May 5, 2018

Namma ever consistent bahubali took us off with a great on course for the super win! #WhistlePodu#Yellove#CSKvRCBpic.twitter.com/tEQjfKG4Zj — Chennai Super Kings (@ChennaiIPL) May 5, 2018

इंडियन प्रीमियर लीग (आईपीएल)-11 में चेन्नई सुपर किंग्स ने बेंगलोर रॉयल चैलेंजर्स को बहुत ही आसानी से 6 विकेट से हरा दिया. चेन्नई से पहले बैटिंग का न्यौता पाने के बाद सितारों से सुसज्जित बेंगलोर की टीम 20 ओवर के कोटे में 9 विकेट पर सिर्फ 127 रन ही बना सकी.उसकी ओर से पार्थिव पटेल ने सबसे ज्यादा 53 रन बनाए. जवाब में चेन्नई सुपर किंग्स ने 18 ओवरों में 4 विकेट खोकर ही जीत का लक्ष्य हासिल कर लिया. पिछले मैचों में अपने खराब प्रदर्शन के चलते निशाने पर आए रवींद्र जडेजा को उनकी गेंदबाजी के लिए मैन ऑफ द मैच चुना गया. जडेजा ने तीन विकेट चटकाए.मिले आसान लक्ष्य के जवाब में चेन्नई की शुरुआत खराब हुई थी. शेन वॉटसन (11) को उमेश यादव ने जल्द ही चलता कर दिया था. लेकिन इसके बाद सुरेश रैना (25) और अंबाती रायुडु (32) ने टारगेट को देखते हुए थोड़े से धीमे रुख से दूसरे विकेट के लिए 61 रन जोड़कर चेन्नई की जीत का आधार रख दिया.रैना के आउट होने के बाद नियमित अंतराल पर चेन्नई को कुछ झटके लगे. अंबाती रायुडु भी चले गए, तो ध्रुव शौरी (8) भी मिले मौके को नहीं भुना सके. इसके बाद बेंगलोर के स्पिनर मुरुगन अश्विन ने कुछ दबाव मनाने की विफल कोशिश जरूर की. लेकिन चेन्नई को यहां कम टारगेट होने का फायदा मिला. मुरुगन के खिलाफ धोनी और ब्रावो ने शुरुआत में सतर्कता बरती. लेकिन जब 18वां ओवर डालने युजवेंंद्र चहल आए, तो धोनी ने पूरा हिसाब बराबर कर दिया. इस ओवर में धोनी ने युजवेंद्र को 3 छक्के जड़ते हुए 22 रन बटोरे. और इसी ओवर में मैच खत्म हो गया.

Parthiv and Southee helped us reach a score of respectability on a difficult wicket but the bowlers have a lot of work to do now.



Still not giving up#PlayBold#CSKvRCB#RCBpic.twitter.com/ndJ4HJM5pD — Royal Challengers (@RCBTweets) May 5, 2018

11th VIVO IPL fifty for @parthiv9 and this one came in such crucial circumstances!



He's waging a lonely battle at the moment. #PlayBold#CSKvRCBpic.twitter.com/r6HhhUlzem — Royal Challengers (@RCBTweets) May 5, 2018

AB de Villiers

Parthiv Patel

M Ashwin



Quinton de Kock

Manan Vohra

Washington Sundar



Manan will feel unfortunate to miss out but AB comes to bolster the batting What do you make of our line-up?#PlayBold#CSKvRCB#RCBpic.twitter.com/5L4ROVTXkX — Royal Challengers (@RCBTweets) May 5, 2018

इससे पहले चेन्नई से पहले बैटिंग का न्योता पाने के बाद बेंगलोर की बल्लेबाजी की बुरी तरह टांय-टांय फिस्स हो गई है. सितारा बल्लेबाजों से सुसज्जित बेंगलोर रॉयल चैलेंजर्स की टीम 20 ओवर में 9 विकेट पर सिर्फ 127 रन ही बना सकी. चेन्नई के लिए रवींद्र जडेजा ने तीन और हरभजन सिंह ने दोे विकेट लिए. वो तो भला हो पार्थिव पटेल का जिन्होंने 53 रन बनाए. वर्ना आप सोच सकते हैं कि बेंगलोर का स्कोर क्या होता.वास्तव में इस पिच पर पावर प्ले (शुरुआती 6 ओवर, 30 गज के घेरे के बाहर सिर्फ 2 फील्डर) का फायदा उठाना आसान काम नहीं था. गेंद रुक कर आ रही थी. स्पिनरों को भी थोड़ी मदद थी और पेसरों को भी. आरसीबी के बल्लेबाज भी कुछ बड़ा धमाल करने की इजाजत नहीं ही ले सके. और उन्होंने इन छह ओवरों में 1 विकेट पर 47 रन ही बनाए.सोचिए कि बेंगलोर की टीम में पार्थिव न होते, तो क्या होता. विकेटों की पतझड़ की बारिश के बीच पार्थिव चेन्नई के चैलेंज का सामना करने वाले इकलौते बल्लेबाज रहे. पार्थिव ने 41 गेंदों पर 5 चौकों और 2 छक्कों से 53 रन बनाए. मतलब पार्थिव पटेल एक तरफ और बाकी टीम एक तरफ!वास्तव में विराट कोहली और एबी डिविलियर्स से बहुत ही ज्यादा उम्मीदें थीं, लेकिन दोनों ही इस मैच में औंधे मुंह गिरे! न ही कोहली के विराट शॉट दिखे और न ही एबी का 360 डिग्री अंदाज. हालात इतने बदतर रहे कि ये दोनों ही बल्लेबाज दहाई का भी आंकड़ा नहीं छू सके.पिछले मैच के बाद रवींद्र जडेजा बहुत ही गम में थे. दो आसान और लगातार कैच उन्होंने सुनील नारायण के टपकाए थे. बल्ले से रन नहीं निकल रहे थे. विकेटों के लाले पड़ रहे थे. प्रशंसक टीम में सवाल उठा रहे थे. बावजूद इसके धोनी ने जडेजा को मौका दिया. पिच मिली जडेजा के मनमाफिक, थोड़ा सा धीमापन. और इसे दोनों हाथों से भुनाते हुए जडेजा ने तीन विकेट चटकाकर धोनी के भरोसे को जिंदाबाद साबित कर दिया. जडेजा ने पार्थिव पटेल, विराट कोहली और मनदीप सिंह के विकेट चटकाएइससे पहले चेन्नई ने टॉस जीतकर पहले गेंदबाजी का फैसला किया. चेन्नई ने अपनी इलेवन में तीन, तो बेगंलोर ने अपनी इलेवन में दो बदलाव किए हैं. चेन्नई ने फैफ डु प्लेसिस की जगह विले, कर्ण शर्मा की जगह ध्रुव शौरी और आसिफ की जगह शार्दुल ठाकुर को टीम में जगह दी है. वहीं, बेंगलोर टीम ने क्विंटोन डि कॉक की जगह पार्थिव पटेल, तो वॉशिंगटन सुंदर की जगह एम अश्विन टीम में आए हैं. आज के मुकाबले के लिए दोनों टीमें इस प्रकार रहीं:इस शानदार और आसान जीत के साथ चेन्नई सुपर किंग्स ने मैच से पहले बनाए अपने बड़े लक्ष्य को हासिल करते हुए एक बार फिर से प्वाइंट्स टेबल में पहली पायदान हासिल कर ली है.Rohit Sharma and Krunal Pandya delivered in desperate times as Mumbai Indians stayed alive in the IPL with a tense six-wicket win over Kings XI Punjab on Friday. Captain Rohit (24* off 15) and Krunal (31* off 12) shared a match-winning 56-run stand off just 21 balls as Mumbai Indians reached the 175-run target in 19 overs. (Photo Courtesy: BCCI)Fresh from booking their place in the Champions League final after a dramatic night in Rome, Liverpool's European heroes return to the fight for a Premier League top four finish when they face Chelsea on Sunday. Jurgen Klopp's side are still on a high following a 2-4 defeat at Roma on Wednesday that clinched a 7-6 aggregate success in the Champions League semi-finals. Liverpool will take on holders Real Madrid in their eighth European Cup final appearance on May 26 in Kiev. But first the Reds have to ensure they feature in next season's Champions League.

Third-placed Liverpool are six points ahead of fifth-placed Chelsea, but they would give renewed hope to the Blues if they are beaten at Stamford Bridge.

A Liverpool win this weekend would make it impossible for Chelsea to catch them, ensuring the Reds will qualify for next season's Champions League with a game in spare.

Even a draw in west London would effectively seal their top four place because Liverpool have a vastly superior goal difference.

Failing that, victory at home to Brighton on the final day of the league season would do the job before Liverpool focus on their European showdown with Cristiano Ronaldo and company.

Three draws in their past four league outings against Everton, West Bromwich Albion and Stoke -- partly the result of Klopp prioritising Champions League progress -- have allowed Chelsea to close to the gap.

Antonio Conte's men have three league games remaining to Liverpool's two, meaning if the Londoners win their remaining fixtures they will, at worst, finish level on points with the Champions League finalists.

For Klopp's peace of mind and to rest a tiring squad with a growing injury list, guaranteeing qualification on Sunday is the ideal scenario.

With that in mind, Klopp has no intention of resting key players like former Chelsea winger Mohamed Salah and Brazil forward Roberto Firmino this weekend.

"We have two semis again against Chelsea and Brighton and then we have two weeks. The league is equally important (as the Champions League)," Klopp said.

"We can make life easier for us by winning at Chelsea.

"It is not we can decide about leaving one out. We cannot play players who are not available.

"From Wednesday to Sunday in terms of turnaround is OK. The whole season is a constant challenge. We have fought hard for our position in the league.

"Of course it is a big advantage for Chelsea not playing in the week."

'Good opportunity'

Chelsea have no margin for error as they look to end a troubled season on a high by finishing in the top four and winning the FA Cup final against Manchester United.

The deposed champions are five points behind fourth-placed Tottenham, with both teams having three games to play.

Regardless of whether or not Chelsea finish in the top four, it seems likely manager Antonio Conte will leave at the end of the season.

Conte has feuded with the Chelsea hierarchy over their failure to back his transfer plans last summer and Napoli's Maurizio Sarri this week became the latest manager to be linked with the Italian's job.

Even so, Conte remains focused on getting Chelsea back into the top four after a run of three successive league wins.

Hopeful of taking advantage of Liverpool tiredness after their European exploits, Conte said: "This could be a good opportunity for us.

"As I said a lot of times in the last three games, if we want to keep the hope alive we have to win. We have to get three points.

"Liverpool are a good team. It won't be easy, but if we want to keep alive the hope, we have to try to win, to get three points on Sunday."Karnataka Assembly Election: PM Narendra Modi attacked the Congress over "poor governance" in state

Highlights Congress has alleged JDS-BJP "understanding" for Karnataka polls JDS denied deal with BJP but PM earlier spoke of "respect" for Deve Gowda But today he said, Congress will align with JDS after elections

Rebutting the Congress's allegations that former PM Deve Gowda's Janata Dal Secular is the Bharatiya Janata Party's Team B , Prime Minister Narendra Modi today said, "It is the Congress that is secretly working with them and the two will align after the elections.""Poll surveys, political pundits...everyone is saying the JDS cannot defeat Congress. They cannot form government on their own. If anyone can change the government in Karnataka, it is the BJP," PM Modi told the huge crowd in Tumakuru district.Alleging that "the JDS was protecting the Congress", PM Modi said, Congress and JDS have a "secret understanding".In March, Rahul Gandhi accused Mr Gowda of being a proxy - "the B-team" - for the BJP and urged voters to spurn the JDS.PM Modi's attack on JDS and the Congress comes just days after he praised Deve Gowda as a "veteran leader" and rebuked Rahul Gandhi for his offensive remarks on the JDS chief. "Rahul ji you disrespect Deve Gowda even though you are a novice and he is a veteran," PM Modi had said at one of his election rallies.His generous praise for HD Deve Gowda was seen as PM Modi's plan B to have an arrangement with the JDS, which according to many will decide whether the Congress retains the southern state - or loses it to the BJP.Mr Gowda, however, has clarified that he will not allow any alliance with the BJP. In a warning to his son, the JDS chief said that he will "disown" his son HD Kumaraswamy if he decides to align with the BJP.Stressing that his party would form the government on his own, Mr Gowda said "if not given mandate will sit in opposition." The Congress and Mr Gowda too have a heavily scratched record. In 2005, Mr Siddaramaiah, then considered Mr Gowda's protege, exited the JDS after the senior leader moved his son, HD Kumaraswamy, to pole position. Mr Kumaraswamy would go on to bring down Karnataka's first coalition government - the JDS and the Congress - and became Chief Minister.Opinion polls claim that voting on May 12 could conclude with no party getting a simple majority - and Mr Gowda's JDS could be the decision-maker.Love to eat but don't have the time to cook? Well, we bring you quick recipes that can be rustled up within 30 minutes without requiring much effort. Sounds too good to be true? Try it to believe it! There's nothing quite like enjoying simple flavours in home-made meals. Not only is it healthy, you can also pick your favourite ingredients and customise the flavours as per your liking. And when it comes to veggies there are so many delicious ways you can cook them! You should make the most of seasonal produce to load up on all the essential nutrients.



Kitchen experiments are great but not for those days when your stomach screams of hunger and you're time bound, well, and that's on most days! Fix yourself a meal in minutes with our seriously quick veg recipes. All you need are a few fresh ingredients and less than 30 minutes. With these terribly easy veg recipes you won't have to skip a meal on those busy weeknights. Going green is a great way to save time as veggies take lesser time to cook and are fuss-free.



Throw in your favorites and rustle up a main course salad. Or how about a herby veg stir-fry? Well, sandwiches are definitely life savers! Breathe easy as you'll find all that you need right here.



A twist to the Ladyfinger that you won't be able to resist.

6. Mediterranean Watermelon Salad

Recipe by Chef Vicky Ratnani



A recent study established that a Mediterranean diet that mostly consists of

A recent study established that a Mediterranean diet that mostly consists of olive oil and fresh veggies can help in reducing blood pressure and promote healthy heart functions. So try this healthy salad of watermelons, tomatoes cucumber and bell peppers, dressed lightly in olive oil and mustard.



The love for melons would only grow with this.

7. Indian Stir Fry

Recipe by Chef Marut Sikka



A stir fry comfortably tops the health charts. This can be made in a snap and allow you to control the amount of fat used. A quick mix of veggies like desi spices.

A stir fry comfortably tops the health charts. This can be made in a snap and allow you to control the amount of fat used. A quick mix of veggies like baby corn , mushroom, bell peppers and artichokes, tossed in mustard oil withspices.



Lovely chunks of methi leaves, cashew paste and milk. A quick recipe to satisfy your soul.



Perfect mix of spicy, creamy, and healthy. 9. VGV Vegetable Sandwich Recipe by Vicky Ratnani



A fresh mix of broccoli,

A quick breakfast for a busy morning.

10. Pommes Gratin

Recipe by Vicky Ratnani



A dreamy combination of potatoes, cream,



Treat for the taste buds and your health.



Now that you have these recipes handy, your busy, rushing mornings are sorted. Treat yourself to easy, quick delicious dishes everyday. Now that you have these recipes handy, your busy, rushing mornings are sorted. Treat yourself to easy, quick delicious dishes everyday. Lovely chunks of paneer bathed in a heavenly gravy of butter, tomatoes,leaves, cashew paste and milk. A quick recipe to satisfy your soul.A fresh mix of broccoli, zucchini and eggplant, marinated in herbs and placed between beautiful buns. Add a dash of plum chutney and cream cheese to round the dish.A dreamy combination of potatoes, cream, cheese and butter. For days when you feel like treating yourself.

A stunning whole wheat pasta laced with a creamy mushroom sauce ready in just 25 minutes!Cut the fuss with this simple yet satisfying Indian veg curry. Two humble ingredients that you'll always find in your pantry and a few mild spices can create you a meal in minutes.Mitch Hedberg rightly said, "Rice is great if you're really hungry and want to eat two thousand of something". A wholesome rice recipe bursting with the tang of tamarind and the crunch of peanuts andGreen is good! A lovely mix of spinach, carrots and potatoes , brightened with the peppery flavor of cumin , a game changing condiment.This recipe will change the way you see lady fingers. Enhanced with Southern flavours of mustard seeds, tamarind, jaggery and coconut, a simple recipe that will leave you delighted.Ravindra Jadeja hasn't had a good run in the ongoing Indian Premier League (IPL) so far but such is his demeanour that he doesn't stay away from the headlines. The other day, he dropped two back-to-back catches at mid-off against Kolkata Knight Riders that proved crucial in the end as Sunil Narine went on to score 32 for his team. On Friday, Jadeja clean-bowled Royal Challengers Bangalore (RCB) captain Virat Kohli on the very first ball he bowled but decided not to celebrate the dismissal. After the wicket, Kohli gave him a nasty stare and Jadeja, who is known for wild celebrations, didn't react at all.

Twitter was quick to notice this and trolled Jadeja brutally for not celebrating, with Indian Premier League and ICC too joining in the fun.

No celebrations from Jadeja here as he gets the crucial wicket of the #RCB Skipper.#CSKvRCB pic.twitter.com/1U4KdKDrlv — IndianPremierLeague (@IPL) May 5, 2018

When you dismiss your national team captain ?? https://t.co/h7cnFiuw3c — ICC (@ICC) May 5, 2018

For Those Asking Why Didn't I Celebrate Virat Kohli's Wicket, Yes I Was Scared My Place In National Team Will Be Screwed. #CSKvRCB #CSKvsRCB #Jadeja #SirJadeja pic.twitter.com/S9AyvEDnrc — Sir Ravindra Jadeja (@SirJadeja) May 5, 2018

Letter postmatch :



Hi Virat ,



I have no intent to do this to you . If possible , please forgive me . And please consider me for selection .



Your faithfully

Jaddu #CSKvRCB #jadeja pic.twitter.com/S5qo50BRGn — PK (@restlessler) May 5, 2018

"It was my first ball and I was not ready to celebrate. Virat's wicket is always a huge wicket, I was thinking I got a good wicket," said Jadeja when asked about the incident.

CSK produced a magnificent bowling performance as they restricted RCB to a meagre 127/9 in 20 overs at the MCS stadium, Pune on Saturday afternoon. MS Dhoni winning the toss, put RCB to bat as the home team bowlers ran through the famed RCB batting line-up quickly to gain an upper hand in the game early. Brendon McCullum, Virat Kohli and AB de Villiers were dismissed cheaply while Parthiv Patel was the sole fighter who scored a brilliant 53. Chennai spinners -- Ravindra Jadeja and Harbhajan Singh -- shared five wickets between them as they spun a web around the visitors.

However, Tim Southee provided a final flourish in the dying moments of the game to help his team cross the three-figure back. Apart from this, he strung together a 34-run partnership in the end with Mohammed Siraj. For Chennai, Jadeja was the pick of the bowlers as he finished with the figures of 3/18 in his stipulated overs.01

Source: Photo: Varinder Chawla

Taimur had a busy Thursday. While his parents Kareena Kapoor and Saif Ali Khan were busy with their respective work commitments, Taimur enjoyed the first few hours of the day at his play school.Average selling prices for iPhones were $728, compared with Wall Street expectations of $742.

Apple Inc on Tuesday reported resilient iPhone sales in the face of waning global demand and promised $100 billion in additional stock buybacks, reassuring investors that its decade-old smartphone invention had life in it yet. Apple's quarterly results topped Wall Street forecasts, which dropped ahead of the report on growing concern over the iPhone. The Cupertino, California-based company also was more optimistic about the current quarter than most financial analysts, driving shares up 3.6 percent to $175.25 after hours.

Suppliers around the globe had warned of smartphone weakness, playing into fears that the company known for popularizing personal computers, tablets and smartphones had become too reliant on the iPhone.

Sales of 52.2 million iPhones against a Wall Street target of 52.3 million was a comfort and up from 50.7 million last year, according to data from Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.

Apple bought $23.5 billion of stock in the March quarter, and said it planned to hike its dividend 16 percent, compared with a 10.5 percent increase last year. Analysts believe the heavy emphasis on buybacks will bolster share prices, but some investors wished Apple had found different uses for the cash.

"I'd hoped for more on the dividend side or maybe a strategic investment," said Hal Eddins, chief economist for Apple shareholder Capital Investment Counsel. "I assume Apple can't find a strategic investment at the current prices that will move the needle for them. The $100 billion buyback is good for right now but it's not exactly looking to the future."

The cash Apple earmarked for stock buybacks is about twice the $50 billion market capitalisation of electric car maker Tesla Inc.



Apple posted revenue for its March quarter of $61.1 billion, up from $52.9 billion last year. Wall Street expected $60.8 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.

Average selling prices for iPhones were $728, compared with Wall Street expectations of $742. The figure is up more than 10 percent from $655 a year ago, suggesting that Apple's iPhone X, which starts at $999, has helped boost prices.

Analysts had feared the high price was muting demand for the iPhone X, but Apple Chief Executive Tim Cook said it was the most popular iPhone model every week in the March quarter.

"This is the first cycle that we've ever had where the top of the line iPhone model has also been the most popular," Cook said during the company's earnings call. "It's one of those things like when a team wins the Super Bowl, maybe you want them to win by a few more points. But it's a Super Bowl winner and that's how we feel about it."



The iPhone X has shaped up to be "a good, not a great product. There was a time prior to its introduction that investors expected it to be a great product," said Thomas Forte, an analyst with D.A. Davidson Companies. "Now that we know it is a good product, as investors have lowered expectations, that is enough, in my view, for shares to go higher from current levels."

Apple also predicted revenue of $51.5 billion to $53.5 billion in the June quarter, ahead of the $51.6 billion Wall Street expected as of Monday evening, and the share repurchases in the March quarter drove Apple's cash net of debt down slightly to $145 billion.

"We are returning the cash to investors as we have promised," Chief Financial Officer Luca Maestri told Reuters in an interview.

Profits were $2.73 per share versus expectations of $2.68 per share, as of Monday, and up from $2.10 a year ago.

Apple's services business, which includes Apple Music, the App Store and iCloud, posted $9.1 billion in revenue compared with expectations of $8.3 billion. Heading into earnings, investors were hopeful that growth in that segment could help offset the cooling global smartphone market.

Julie Ask, an analyst with Forrester, said Apple's services segment results were positive but warned that Apple needed to continue to boost subscriptions on its platforms, which reached 270 million users in the March quarter and includes people who subscribe to third-party apps on the iPhone as well as Apple's own services like iCloud.

"Apps are carrying most (services revenue) right now, but Apple needs to get to a place where it's mostly subscriptions and monthly fees and not just one-off downloads," Ask said.

Apple traditionally updates its share buyback and dividend programme each spring, and the $100 billion it added this year compares with an increase of $50 billion last year.

In February, Apple said it planned to draw down its excess cash, although Cook had downplayed the possibility of a special dividend.

But investors have had concerns around Apple because of a brewing trade tensions with China.

Greater China sales rose 21 percent from a year earlier, Apple's best growth rate there in 10 quarters, to $13.0 billion. While there has not yet been a tariff on devices such as Apple's iPhone, Cook travelled last week to Washington to meet with U.S. President Donald Trump at the White House to discuss trade matters.



"China only wins if the U.S. wins and the U.S. only wins if China wins," Cook said on the call, when asked about a possible trade war. "I'm a big believer that the two countries together can both win and grow the pie, not just allocate it differently," he said.



Apple has been emphasizing its contributions to the U.S. economy in recent months, outlining a $30 billion U.S. spending plan and highlighting the tens of billions of dollars it spends each year with U.S.-based suppliers.



In recent months, Apple has been emphasizing the size of its overall user base, which includes used iPhones, rather than focusing strictly on new device sales, a sign of the increasing importance of making money off users without selling them new hardware.

© Thomson Reuters 2018IRB Infrastructure's InvIT was listed in 2018 fiscal and seven projects were transferred to it

Highlights IRB Infra's profit before tax rose 21% quarter on quarter IRB Infra's total income rose to Rs. 1,432 crore in this quarter IRB Infra's fiscal 2018 net profit jumps 29%

Laying a strong base for the next financial year, IRB Infrastructure announced upbeat results for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018, posting a double digit percentage rise in its net profit to Rs 240 crore. The profit before tax rose 21% quarter on quarter to touch Rs 384 crore. At the same time, the total income for the fourth quarter sequentially rose to Rs 1,432 crore from Rs 1,342 crore in the third quarter of 2018. In this fiscal, IRB Infrastructure listed the first infrastructure investment trust (InvIT) and transferred seven projects to it, the company announced in the stock market filing on Thursday.Virendra D. Mhaiskar, chairman and managing director,IRB Infrastructure Developers Ltd said, "Not only Q4, but the whole of fiscal 18 was stupendous for us at IRB Infra, as it witnessed return of traffic growth, post demonetization and GST, across projects resulting into robust revenue build-up. We successfully listed IRB InvIT and transferred seven projects to it. On construction activities front, Rajasthan projects received appointed dates to commencing tolling and construction simultaneously after achieving financial closure. We also commissioned toll collection on two projects post construction and above all added four new projects to the portfolio, 3 under Hybrid Annuity and one under BOT model. We enter FY19 with strong momentum and more efficient Balance Sheet."1. IRB Infrastructure's net profit rises 16% quarter on quarter to Rs 240 crore from Rs 207 crore in the previous quarter.2. IRB Infrastructure's fiscal 2018 net profit rises 29% year on year to Rs 9210 crore.3. The total income of IRB Infrastructure fell from Rs 1,656 crore in the fourth quarter of 2017 to Rs 1,432 crore in the fourth quarter of 2018.4.The annual income of IRB Infrastructure for the entire financial year also fell from Rs 5,969 crore to Rs 5,863 crore this fiscal. 5. Total equity of IRB Infrastructure rose from Rs 5271.59 crore to Rs 5692.51 crore as on March 31, 2018.Last week, Reliance Industries (RIL) reported a 20.6 per cent jump in its consolidated net profit for fiscal 2018 at Rs. 36,075 crore as compared to Rs.29,901 crore last year.A refresh of the two-year old Smartron t.book is finally here. The Smartron tbook flex is a hybrid computing device priced starting at Rs. 42,990. The 2-in-1 notebook has a detachable keyboard letting you use the Smartron tbook flex as a tablet as well. The notebook will be sold on Flipkart exclusively starting from May 13 midnight.

Design wise, the tbook flex has an aluminium and magnesium body and comes in Orange/ Grey and Black/ Grey colour options. The latest tbook includes a fingerprint scanner, stylus support, and a 'flixstand' with a step-less hinge design and the ability to flex up to 150 degrees. It also comes with a backlit keyboard with Bluetooth connectivity that allows you to type from a short distance even in low light environments. The tbook flex will be available at Rs. 42,990 and Rs. 52,990 for the Core m3 and Core i5 version respectively.

Coming to the specifications, the tbook flex packs in a 12.2-inch WQXGA (2560x1600 pixels) IPS multi-touch display (with stylus support), which maintains an aspect ratio of 16:10, and comes coated with a fingerprint-resistant oleophobic layer. It is powered by the seventh-generation Intel Core m3-7Y30 processor, and there's another variant which is powered by the seventh-generation Intel Core i5-7Y54 processor as well. It packs 4GB of LPDDR3 RAM, integrated Intel HD Graphics 615, and offers 128GB SSD storage that's expandable via SD card. On the photography front, there's a 5-megapixel rear-facing autofocus camera, and 2-megapixel front-facing shooter.

Other features of the Smartron tbook flex include two full-size USB 3.0 ports, one USB Type-C Thunderbolt 3 port for charging with USB 3.0, a 3.5mm headphone jack, a microSD card slot, and magnetic pogo pin for external keyboard support. It also supports Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac (dual-band 2.4GHz and 5GHz), Wi-Fi Direct, and Bluetooth 4.0. On the software end, the Smartron tbook flex runs Windows 10 and on board sensors include Hall and Accelerometer.

The Smartron tbook flex packs a 40Whr Lithium-ion Polymer battery, and weighs 950 grams, (1375 grams including keyboard). The device in tablet form measures at 307.5 x 202.8 x 9.0 mm.OnePlus 6 launch is coming up on May 16 at an event planned in London, followed by events in China and India the next day. The company recently confirmed that a custom OnePlus 6 x Marvel Avengers Limited Edition will also be announced in India on May 17. With just a few days to go for the official unveiling, OnePlus has gone ahead and teased what is seemingly the retail box of this limited edition handset. Marvel's Avengers: Infinity War recently released in India on April 27. The OnePlus 6 price in India is said to start at Rs. 36,999 for the base 64GB variant.

As per a teaser on the OnePlus Weibo account, a snapshot of the OnePlus 6 x Marvel Avengers Limited Edition's retail box has been outed. The retail box shows an official logo of the Avengers on top, with OnePlus 6 and Marvel branding on the sides. Apart from that, there is no other information about the smartphone or bundled accessories. Recently, in yet another teaser, OnePlus had hinted that this limited edition variant will sport a textured back. Previously, OnePlus unveiled a Star Wars variant of the OnePlus 5T with custom branding and slight design changes.

OnePlus 6 rumoured specifications

As per rumours and confirmations, the OnePlus 6 will sport a 19:9 display with a notch on top. It will be powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 SoC, coupled with up to 8GB of RAM and up to 256GB of inbuilt storage. There is said to be a vertical dual rear camera setup, a rear-mounted fingerprint sensor, and wireless charging support (considering glass back confirmed) on the handset. A 3.5mm headphone jack has also been confirmed, apart from a display notch.

In terms of software, the OnePlus 6 might run OxygenOS on top of Android 8.1 Oreo out-of-the-box. An Android P update can be expected in the future. While exact battery capacity hasn't yet been revealed, the phone will most definitely have support for its proprietary Dash Charge feature, and the confirmation of a glass back indicates it will also support wireless charging.1. Heat oil (on a high flame) in a wok add garlic, onion and fresh red chili.

2. Toss until garlic is cooked and add boneless chicken, toss well.

3. Add oyster sauce, fish sauce, light soya sauce, and sugar.

4. Cook until chicken is done and water has dried out.

5. Add dry basil, toss well, add fresh basil and remove from heat

6. Serve placed in the 6 lettuce cups.The central government owns 100 per cent equity of Air India.

Air India might even shut-down, if its ongoing divestment programme fails due to the terms and conditions set in its 'Express of Interest' (EOI) document. According to aviation consulting firm CAPA India, it is critical for the central government to amend the labour and debt conditions for the divestment process to succeed. "Three key themes emerging on @airindiain divestment: 1) Critical that terms in EOI - particularly for labour & debt - are amended, as successful bidder will need to invest in restructuring and absorbing losses for several years, in addition to consideration paid for 76 per cent," the consulting firm tweeted on May 4.

Also Read: Government To Sell 76% Stake In Air India, Give Up Management Control

"Three key themes emerging on @airindiain divestment: 2) Unless bidders confident that they will be ring-fenced from possible political risks if successful, this could prove to be a key reason for possible non-participation by some parties at RFP stage. #indianaviation 2 of 3." (sic)

Besides, the firm said that it estimates Air India headed for "2-year losses of $ 1.5 - 2.0 bn in FY19/FY20".

The development comes few days after the central government extended the submission deadline for the EOI bids under Air India's divestment process to May 31, 2018.

The 'Corrigendum' issued by the Ministry of Civil Aviation on May 1 extended the last date for EOI bid submission to May 31, 2018 from May 14.

Consequently, the date for the "intimation to the Qualified Interested Bidders" (QIB) has also been extended to June 15 from May 28.

In addition, the ministry issued a separate document on clarifications sought by interested bidders regarding the divestment process.

On the total debt and liabilities which are expected to remain with AI at the point of divestment, the ministry clarified: "... As on 31st March 2017, including net current liabilities of INR 88,160 mn, aggregating to INR 333,920 mn will remain with AI and AIXL (no change for AI-SATS except in normal course of business)."

Also Read: Keeping Air India Employees Will Diminish Bid Value, Says Interested Party

"Essentially, the amount of Rs 3,33,920 mn includes both debt and liabilities including net current liabilities."

The clarification document outlined that net current liabilities as Rs 88,160 million (Rs 8,816 crore) and "these will remain with AI and AIXL as these have been incurred in the course of business."

"After deducting INR 88,160 mn from INR 333,920 mn, the remaining figure of INR 245,760 mn is the debt and liability quantum that will remain with AI and AIXL."

On March 28, the central government had issued a Preliminary Information Memorandum (PIM) inviting "EoI" for the strategic divestment of AI, along with the airline's shares in AIXL (Air India Express) and AISATS (Air India SATS Airport Services) from private entities including the airline's employees.

The central government owns 100 per cent equity of Air India. In turn, the airline holds full stake in Air India Express, while it holds 50 per cent stake in the joint venture AISATS.

Accordingly, it has been planned to divest 76 per cent government stake in AI, 100 per cent in AIXL and 50 per cent in AISATS.Tata Motors has announced that it will be selling off the defence and aerospace parts of its business to another Tata Group entity, Tata Advanced Systems. This will entail its large trucks and weapons system carriers along with large specialised vehicles that Tata Motors makes for both Indian military forces and international ones. Tata Motors however will continue to retain and will continue to supple lighter civilian use vehicles like the recently spied Safari Storme that has been prepared for the Indian army. Included in this deal will also be the TAL Manufacturing Solutions, a subsidy of Tata Motors that specialises in Heavy Engineering and more recently, to Aerospace and Defence sectors.

TAL Manufacturing Solutions Ltd (TAL) will be sold to Tata Advanced Systems Limited for a value of Rs 625 Crore. That said, Tata Motors will acquire a non-aerospace part of TAL's business at a value of Rs 10 lakh. Tata Motors will also get an additional Rs 100 Crore for capital expenditure. The move to consolidate all of Tata's defence and aerospace businesses under the TASL banner has been on-going with the likes of Tata Power also selling similar businesses to TASL last month.

Speaking on the deals, Guenter Butschek, CEO & Managing Director of Tata Motors said, "Tata Motors has been a strategic partner to the Indian Ministry of Defence in defence mobility solutions for several decades. We will continue providing civilian logistics vehicles to the Defence customers. On our transition to a full range combat vehicle player, we realized that our current portfolio is small and we need scale to unlock its true potential. We believe Tata Advanced Systems Limited will be better equipped to execute larger and more complex projects and be more globally competitive as part of the larger Tata Group. Therefore we have decided that it is in our best interests to sell this part of the business to Tata Advanced Systems Limited and participate in the future growth of this business through a revenue share agreement. Also, TAL Aerospace Solutions is a non-core business to Tata Motors. We have been working on charting our next phase of growth and would like to use the opportunity of consolidation at Group level to monetize our investment in this area."

(Tata Motors EVision Electric Sedan Concept)

The boost in capital for Tata Motors will also play a big role in boosting the passenger and commercial vehicle businesses. With a range of new cars and SUVs in the pipeline, Tata Motors will need all the money it can get to ensure big improvements in platforms, drivetrains - both internal combustion and electric and of course, overall design and quality.

For the latest auto news and reviews, follow CarAndBike on Twitter, Facebook, and subscribe to our YouTube channel.A bowlful of daliya tops the chart when it comes to breakfast favourites

One of the best features of daliya is its high quantum of fibreKylie Jenner, 20, gave birth to her baby girl, Stormi, on February 1. Three months later, Kylie is busy celebrating Stormi and her boyfriend's - singer and rapper Travis Scott - birthday in a tropical locale away from the glaring eyes of the paparazzi. Kylie's holiday with her new family seems perfect, but what is even more perfect is Kylie's post-pregnancy body. If you ask us, three months after having given birth, Kylie already has the body most of us aspire to have and start working for months before a beach vacation. Kylie Jenner has never been one to chase a size 0, but she most certainly has always propagated a healthy looking body. In other words, you can tell she works out.



At the age of 20, Kylie Jenner has already built herself an empire that is hard to compete with, admirable and rather enviable. So perhaps we should just assume that she is the exception to a lot of rules. But if we're being honest, there's more than just her empire that we're jealous of - and that list definitely includes her post-baby body.



Here's a picture Kylie shared on Instagram yesterday. The beach, her body and that swimsuit - we're putting all three on our summer bucket list.



A post shared by Kylie (@kyliejenner) on May 2, 2018 at 7:43am PDT

A post shared by Kylie (@kyliejenner) on May 2, 2018 at 7:48am PDT

How adorable does the new mom look posing with her baby? We love that they're in matching outfits.

A post shared by Kylie (@kyliejenner) on May 2, 2018 at 10:01am PDT

Back to Kylie's body. Look at her in that black bodycon dress. Way to show off that body, girl.

A post shared by Kylie (@kyliejenner) on May 1, 2018 at 12:59pm PDT

Raise your hands if you're with us when we say that pulling off this grey bodycon dress is no joke. Hard to imagine Kylie Jenner just had a baby like a minute ago.

A post shared by Kylie (@kyliejenner) on Apr 24, 2018 at 3:08pm PDT

Note to self: look like this while taking future baby on a stroll.

A post shared by Kylie (@kyliejenner) on Apr 12, 2018 at 5:22pm PDT

Is this even fair? Where are your stretch marks, Kylie? Where? Show them to us. Make us feel better.

A post shared by Kylie (@kyliejenner) on Apr 20, 2018 at 10:15am PDT

Other than being a fabulously gorgeous mom with the most perfect body in the world, Kylie Jenner is also the youngest person to make the Forbes Celebrity 100 Earnings list and ranked at number 59. She has the reality TV show Keeping Up With The Kardashians, her makeup brand Kylie Cosmetics, and other endorsements to thank for that.Highlights Blood pressure is one of the most common conditions in India

All berries are loaded with heart-healthy compounds called flavonoids

Skimmed milk is rich in calcium and vitamin D helps reduce BP

Blood pressure is one of the most common conditions in India. It is said that one in every three Indians are suffering from hypertension and heart ailments. High blood pressure is a silent killer; in fact, according to the National Centre For Biotechnology Information (NCBI), blood pressure shows seasonal variation. It is the pressure exerted by the blood against the walls of the arteries. It tends to damage the body's blood vessels, thus causing kidney diseases, heart afflictions and other health problems. Blood pressure should be taken care of, especially during summers as it tends to fluctuate more often. We give you some expert tips on managing blood pressure with healthy summer foods.

According to Parmeet Kaur, Dietitian, Narayana Hrudayalaya, "The hypertension diet should have foods with high magnesium, potassium and fibre content in it. They should be necessarily low in sodium."

Here are the summer foods for managing blood pressure as suggested by Parmeet Kaur.

1. Berries

All berries are loaded with heart-healthy compounds called flavonoids. The antioxidant rich fruit may help lower blood pressure, as per a study published in the Journal of the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics. Add blueberries, strawberries, et al to your daily diet.



All berries are loaded with heart-healthy compounds called flavonoid​s

2. Skimmed milk

Skimmed milk is rich in calcium and vitamin D, two of which work as a team to help reduce blood pressure naturally. According to National Health Service, UK, drinking a glass of skimmed milk a day can cut blood pressure by upto a one third. So gulp down a glass of skimmed milk daily in order to reap maximum benefits.



(Also Read: High Blood Pressure? 5 Healthy, Delicious Snacks That You Can Enjoy Guilt-Free)

3. Yogurt

According to a study presented at the American Heart Association (AHA), women who consumed five or more servings of yogurt a week had a lower risk of developing high blood pressure than similar women who hardly ever ate yogurt. So load up on chilled yogurt every day and enjoy a healthful life.

load up on chilled yogurt every day and enjoy a healthful life​



4. Watermelon

According to a study published in the American Journal of Hypertension, watermelon could significantly reduce blood pressure in overweight individuals both at rest and while under stress. The pressure on the aorta and on the heart reduced after the consumption of watermelon.

5. Bananas

This tropical fruit is super rich in potassium and even more easy to include in your daily diet. One banana provides one percent of calcium, eight percent of magnesium and 12 percent of potassium that you need every day.



This tropical fruit is super rich in potassium​



6. Kiwi

According to a report presented in the American Heart Association (AHA), kiwis may naturally lower blood pressure. Three kiwis a day could keep high blood pressure at bay. So toss kiwis in your salads and stave off any risk of high blood pressure.

Parmeet Kaur adds, "Foods rich in omega 3 fatty acids include fatty fish such as salmon, herring, mackerel, tuna, etc. These foods cut down the triglyceride count and reduce inflammation."

This summer, ensure that your blood pressure is regulated and well-maintained.A $20 billion valuation for Flipkart would be substantially higher than the $12 billion mark hit in 2017

Highlights World's largest retailer Walmart to get leading position in Indian market Flipkart is most valuable startup in India Amazon has been trying to take control of Flipkart with competing offer

The board of Flipkart Online Services Pvt has approved an agreement to sell about 75 percent of the company to a Walmart Inc.-led group for approximately $15 billion, according to people familiar with the matter, an enormous bet by the American retailer on international expansion.Under the proposed deal, SoftBank Group Corp . will sell all of the 20-plus percent stake it holds in Flipkart through an investment fund at a valuation of roughly $20 billion, said the people, asking not to be named because the matter is private. Google-parent Alphabet Inc . is likely to participate in the investment with Walmart, said one of the people. A final close is expected within 10 days, though terms could still change and a deal isn't certain, they said.That would seal a Walmart triumph over Amazon.com Inc ., which has been trying to take control of Flipkart with a competing offer. Flipkart's board ultimately decided a deal with Walmart is more likely to win regulatory approval because Amazon is the No. 2 e-commerce operator in India behind Flipkart and its primary competitor. Amazon is out of the running unless Walmart hits unforeseen trouble.If completed, the deal will give Bentonville, Arkansas-based Walmart a leading position in the growing market of 1.3 billion people and a chance to rebuild its reputation online. The world's largest retailer has struggled against Amazon as consumers increase their spending on the internet. India is the next big potential prize after the U.S. and China, where foreign retailers have made little progress against Alibaba Group Holding Ltd.SoftBank declined to comment. Flipkart, Walmart and Google didn't immediately respond to requests for comment.Amazon has already been aggressively expanding in the country on its own. Founder Jeff Bezos has committed $5.5 billion to the country and his local chief, Amit Agarwal , has made progress by adapting the site to local conditions.After Losing China, Jeff Bezos Really Wants to Win in IndiaAmazon has been gaining ground quickly on Flipkart and it tried to derail the Walmart transaction at least in part because it will fortify the Indian rival. Walmart can aid Flipkart with deep pockets and decades of retailing expertise in skills from logistics to marketing. The U.S. retailer has been working to win over the Indian company since at least last year.Last month, Walmart agreed to cede control of its U.K. grocery chain, Asda, as part of a global strategy to prioritize faster-growing markets over some more mature ones. Walmart is merging Asda with the British retailer J Sainsbury Plc and will retain a 42 percent stake in the combined company.As part of the Walmart deal, Flipkart's existing shareholders Tencent Holdings Ltd., South Africa's Naspers Ltd. and Microsoft Corp. are expected to retain small stakes, the people said.A $20 billion valuation for Flipkart would be substantially higher than the $12 billion mark it hit last year. It is already the most valuable startup in India. SoftBank stands to make a tidy profit on a stake it took only last year. The Japanese company, through its Vision Fund, invested $2.5 billion at the earlier valuation, people familiar said at the time. That stake could be worth more than $4 billion at the Walmart deal's valuation.Highlights You'll find dal whistling away in cookers in every Indian home

Ever thought of savouring a delicacy infused with an earthy aroma?

From masoor, tuar, channa, moong and urad, Dal is full of nutrients

India is one of the few countries that is blessed with variety in almost every aspect, food being the most obvious one. The unquestionable love and celebration of good food has been bringing people together for many years, and when we think of good food, one of our most loved preparations comes to mind - the quintessential Dal. It is the undying love for dal that most Indian households happen to include this flavoursome staple in our daily diet.



What may seem simple and basic at first glance, actually encompasses an amazing variety. From masoor, tuar, channa, moong and urad, Dal is something that constitutes an integral part of every Indian meal. You'll find it whistling away in cookers in every home and hotel. Simple or elaborately cooked; it's the lifeline of a regular Indian platter.

is here, from simple to sophisticated. Try our 10 bestrecipes - read, learn and get cooking Ever thought of savouring a delicacy infused with an earthy aroma? Here's a special gem from the kitchen of Marut Sikka., infused withclay and goodness of spices!



2. Dhaba Dal

Recipe by Seema Chandra



Bringing the popular dhaba flavours straight into your kitchen, learn to make the authentic highway style dal. Urad dal cooked hot in a mélange of spices, butter and a spattering tadka!

3. Maa Ki Dal

Recipe by Aditya Bal



Straight from the Punjabi kitchen, this one is a complete crowd pleaser! Made with hearty ingredients like black dal, butter, cream, yogurt and truck loads of love.

4. Gujarati Dal

Recipe by Aditya Bal



This one comes with a distinct blend of masalas, vegetables, peanuts and tuar dal.

5. Tadka Dal (Bengali Style)

Recipe by Niru Gupta



An easy and simple way to cook your dal the Bengali way. Creamy channa dal served with a beautiful aroma of mustard and coconut.

6. Panchratna Dal

Recipe by Divya Burman



Here's to the power of five! The best of dals come together to sear and simmer in a host of spices.

7. Dal Makhni

Recipe by Niru Gupta



One of the classics! An all-time favourite recipe with urad dal cooked in masalas, tomato puree and cream.

8. Chironji Ki dal

Recipe by Niru Gupta



A hit during the days of fasting. Simple yet impressive, this recipe combines chironji with rich Indian flavours. Give it a try!

9. Aamti

Recipe by Niru Gupta



An authentic Maharastrian Dal with yellow gram, mustard seeds, spices and kokam.



10. Pachmela Dal

Recipe by Niru Gupta



From the land of warriors, here is a beautiful blend of dals coupled with aromatic spices, generously cooked in ghee.

Here's the new poster of 102 Not Out (courtesy taran_adarsh)

Highlights 102 Not Out releases on May 4 Big B and Rishi Kapoor play father-son in the movie The two actors are returning on screen after 27 years

New poster Trailer of #102NotOut... Stars Amitabh Bachchan and Rishi Kapoor... Umesh Shukla directs... 4 May 2018 release... Trailer link: https://t.co/zJBgiQe9Mlpic.twitter.com/TdkoHKr2ew — taran adarsh (@taran_adarsh) March 28, 2018

The trailer ofis finally here and it will indeed make your tummy hurt from all the laughing , courtesy Amitabh Bachchan, who is absolutely brilliant in the trailer and not to mention Rishi Kapoor, who is the perfect foil to Big B's character. So, here's how the trailer starts - a 102-year-old father has devised a plan to outlive the oldest man (118-year-old) but that's not possible with his 75-year-old son sulking around. Amitabh Bachchan plays the father in the movie, who believes in the YOLO way of living while Rishi Kapoor, who plays the son, takes life very, very seriously and not a risk-taker at all. "I have accepted my old age," the son utters in the trailer and Big B's prompt reply was "Hence, I have decided to send you to an old age home." Umm, yeah, that's the cast in this household comprising two grey-haired folks.Big B describes his son as the "," who smiles rarely and starts the day with a session of. The father has a take on that as well - "."The trailer makes way for more such one-liners delivered by Amitabh Bachchan and is an absolute laugh riot.marks the return of Amitabh Bachchan and Rishi Kapoor on screen after 27 years - they were last seen together in 1991'sWatch the trailer ofDirected by Umesh Shukla,releases on May 4.Highlights Potatoes are one of the popular ingredients in the world

Potato juice can do wonders to your skin

We have rounded up the best DIY potato juice face packs

Potatoes are one of the popular ingredients in the world, and we can literally eat them with any food! They never disappoint us. This amazing veggie is loaded with many essential micronutrients like vitamin A , C, B, iron and phosphorous. All of us are pretty much aware of potato benefits. But, apart from its health benefits, did you know that this potato juice can do wonders to your skin too! We have rounded up the best DIY potato juice face packs that will help you to have soft, supple and flawless skin this summer.

The secret to have an even skin tone is here! Potatoes are rich in vitamin-B6, which helps to enhance your skin tone and in the formation of new cells. All you need is 2 tablespoon potato juice, 2 teaspoon of almond oil, and 2 teaspoons of raw milk. Mix the ingredients well. Apply it well on your face and neck. Leave for 15 minutes and rinse it with lukewarm water.

The secret to have an even skin tone is here

Potato juice will not only help you to get rid of your tanning​

Acne scars can be annoying and disturbing at the same time. Here we have got you an effective remedy for the same using tomato and potato juice. Take 1 tablespoon of potato juice and 1 tablespoon of tomato Juice. Mix both the juices well, and dab on the acne marks and stubborn dark spots on your face. Keep it for 40-45 minutes and wash it with cold water. You can even practice the same overnight and wash it in the morning.Potato juice will not only help you to get rid of your tanning, but also treats hyperpigmentation. Take 2 tablespoon of potato juice and 1 tablespoon of organic honey. Mix it well and apply it all over your face and neck. Leave for about 10 minutes and rinse with fresh water.Treating dark circles can be a struggle. But, not anymore! Make your own DIY face pack using potato and cucumber juice at home. Both of the ingredients have inherent properties that help to lighten the dark circles. Take 2 teaspoons of potato juice and cucumber juice. Mix it well and apply under the eyes before going to bed at night. Wash it in the morning with fresh cold water.Oily skin can lead to acne breakouts and skin dullness. In order to control oil from your face, this face pack has come to your rescue. Take 2 tablespoon of potato juice and 1 tablespoon of fuller's earth (multani mitti); mix them well until the mixture becomes smooth. Apply it on your face and let it dry for about 20 minutes. Rinse with cold water. These amazing potato juice face packs will give you the best results when used regularly. Always look gorgeous!Gnocchi is an Italian pasta dish made with potato, spinach, parmesan and ricotta cheese. Famous throughout the world, gnocchi is easy to make and can be served with a wide variety of sauces. Watch Chef Prem Kumar, Executive Chef at The Imperial, New Delhi, as he prepares this ultimate Italian dish from scratch.The most embarassing thing that could happen when you're dressed up for an interview or a formal dinner, is an all-consuming need to scratch an itchy scalp and also know that a cascade of white flakes would follow, onto a jet black blazer- laid bare for all to see. Dandruff is a medical problem that has managed to unite over half the adult population across the world - beyond gender, age and race.This scalp condition is caused by a fungus, Malassezia, which feeds on sebum (the oily matter secreted by the sebaceous glands on our scalp) and the dead skin cells which occur naturally due to formation of new skin. Although this microbe is a normal part of the scalp, this is when it turns problematic- the fungus feeds on sebum, breaking it down into fatty acids that may irritate the sensitive scalp of many. This is also the reason for dryness and itchiness on the scalp, leading to the dead skin cells accumulating into visible flakes. The level of sensitivity of people to these fatty acids determines whether they develop acute or mild dandruff.Malassezia thrive in moist environments and thus, become a nuisance during summers and monsoons due to excessive humidity and sweating. However, the cold wind during winters robs the scalp of moisture and leads to dryness that results in itching and flaking. Clearly, dandruff is on duty all year round. Although there is no way to completely banish it from our lives (and hair) there are a lot of remedies that can be used 'at home' to keep it under check (so you don't have to shy away from those dark tees or dresses, in fear of that unsightly 'chalk powder' on your shoulders).1.Delhi-based Dermatologist Dr.Deepali Bhardwaj says, "It's a pure myth that oiling is good for hair with dandruff". "In fact", she affirms "applying oil will lead to more dandruff as oil is like food for Malazzesia which leads to dandruff."Applying oil to a dry, itchy scalp may sound like heaven but may only exacerbate your dandruff condition, especially when you let it sit on your scalp for longer periods of time.2. Vinegar helps in treating itchy, dry skin and also helps to kill dandruff-causing fungus and bacteria. The acidic content of vinegar is supremely beneficial to drastically reduce flaking. Dr.Deepali advises, "My favourite home remedy is to apply an equal quantity mixture of white vinegar with water on the scalp skin about half an hour before a head wash."3. Baking soda , acts as a scrub and exfoliates the scalp gently, without irritating it and removing dead skin cells. Exfoliation is essential to ensure there is no build up of flakes on the scalp that make dandruff even more visible. Dr.Sirisha Singh, Medical Director and Consultant Dermatologist at The Skin Centre in New Delhi says, "Baking soda, along with its exfoliation and anti-fungal properties, also soothes the scalp and reduces redness and itching."You can simply add some baking soda to your shampoo while washing hair to derive its benefits.4.All of us are aware of the role that neem extract plays in almost all skin medications because of its antibacterial and antifungal qualities. Since dandruff can mostly be attributed to fungal colonization of scalp, it is only right to turn to this age-old remedy for skin ailments. Natural is always the best way to go; however Dr. Sirisha Singh cautions us to use a very diluted version of neem (neem boiled in water) for the scalp as concentrated versions may only irritate the skin further.5.All anti-acne and anti-fungal medications boast of tea tree oil due to its exceptional power to fight fungal and bacterial infections. Add a drop or two of tea tree oil to your shampoo and wash normally and notice the results sitting in the comfort of your home!6.The pungent smell of the occasional garlic clove may make it a No-No for some but its medicinal value is definitely something that cannot be overlooked. Garlic is immensely beneficial as an anti-fungal natural product and the benefits of raw or crushed garlic (avoid cooked garlic for treating medical conditions) have mesmerized man for centuries. Pound a clove or two of garlic and after mixing with water, use it on your scalp to see quick results. The smell? You could always mix in a little honey and ginger!7. Not only is aloe vera cooling but also mildly exfoliates the skin and has anti-fungal and anti-bacterial properties. It is best to directly extract some from the aloe vera plant- it is transparent and has a thick consistency. It can be applied in the scalp and then washed off with a medicated anti-dandruff or mild shampoo. Dr. Sirisha also recommends this herb to calm down an irritated scalp and provide relief from inflammation.ZenFone Max Pro M1 will to be available for purchase in India again on May 10, the company has announced in a statement. The ZenFone Max Pro M1 smartphone, which was launched last week, went out of stock shortly after its pre-orders kicked off on Thursday exclusively via Flipkart. Asus hasn't provided any details about the number of units it sold through the first pre-orders round; however, it does say in a press statement that the smartphone has received a "tremendous response" from Indian customers. The new ZenFone Max Pro M1 model is designed to take on the Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro that is also one of the widely popular smartphones in the under Rs. 15,000 price bracket. It offers a stock Android experience and has features such as a thin-bezel display and a dual rear camera setup to persuade customers.

Asus ZenFone Max Pro M1 price in India

The Asus ZenFone Max Pro M1 price in India has been set at Rs. 10,999 for the 3GB RAM and 32GB internal storage variant. The 4GB RAM and 64GB storage variant, on the other hand, comes at Rs. 12,999. Asus also announced a 6GB RAM and 64GB storage variant of the ZenFone Max Pro M1 with a price tag of Rs. 14,999. However, the release date for this last variant hasn't been revealed.

Asus is offering the ZenFone Max Pro M1 in Midnight Black and Grey colour options. Furthermore, Vodafone prepaid subscribers buying the new ZenFone handset will get 10GB of complementary data per month for 12 months on recharges of Rs. 199 and above, while Vodafone postpaid subscribers on Rs. 399 Red plan will get 10GB of additional data a month for a year. Subscribers on Rs. 499 Vodafone Red plan will get additional free Red Protect access free.

Asus Zenfone Max Pro M1 Review

Asus ZenFone Max Pro M1 specifications

The dual-SIM (Nano) Asus ZenFone Max Pro M1 runs a pure version of Android 8.1 Oreo and features a 5.99-inch full-HD+ (1080x2160 pixels) IPS FullView display with an 18:9 aspect ratio. Under the hood, there is an octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 636 SoC,coupled with Adreno 509 GPU and up to 6GB of RAM. The dual rear camera setup on the ZenFone Max Pro M1 sports a 13-megapixel primary Omnivision sensor with an f/2.2 aperture and a 5-megapixel secondary sensor. On the front, there is an 8-megapixel sensor with an f/2.0 aperture, 85.5-degree wide-angle view, five-piece lens.

The ZenFone Max Pro M1 has 4G VoLTE, Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n, Bluetooth v4.2, GPS/ A-GPS, Micro-USB, and a 3.5mm headphone jack. Sensors on board include an ambient light sensor, accelerometer, proximity sensor, and a rear-facing fingerprint sensor. The smartphone packs a 5000mAh battery and weighs 180 grams.

We discussed whether Asus Zenfone Max Pro M1 is a Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro killer on Orbital, our weekly technology podcast, which you can subscribe to via Apple Podcasts or RSS, download the episode, or just hit the play button below.In triple occupancy, extra mattress will be provided on floor.

Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation (IRCTC) is offering 1 night/2 days flight tour package to Shirdi at a starting price of Rs 11,900. This tour package starts from Delhi and cover destinations like Pune, Shani Shingnapur and Shirdi, according to the official website of IRCTC tourism- irctctourism.com. This special package is named as 'Delhi-Shirdi Flight Package'. The travelling mode of this package is flight and class is deluxe. The tour dates available now are May 12, May 19 and May 26.In its budget published on Wednesday, the Indian government said it would sell unspecified stakes in New India Assurance Co Ltd, United India Insurance Co Ltd, Oriental Insurance Co Ltd, National Insurance Co Ltd, and reinsurer General Insurance Corp of India in the financial year starting in April.President Xi and Prime Minister Modi agreed to step up cultural exchanges. (File)

For once the Chinese officials were caught napping by none other than Prime Minister Narendra Modi during his informal summit with President Xi Jinping in Wuhan, China's Ambassador to India Luo Zhaohui revealed.During his first one-on-one meeting with President Xi at the Hubei Provincial Museum, Prime Minister Modi told his host that this was his second visit to Hubei province, surprising the Chinese officials, who otherwise keep a track of all bilateral and official visits minutely."We didn't know that Prime Minister Modi had visited Wuhan earlier," Luo told the participants of a seminar on the two-day informal summit between the leaders of India and China held in Wuhan city from April 27.PM Modi told Xi that when he was the Gujarat chief minister, he had an opportunity to visit central China's Hubei Province on a study tour to learn about the massive Three Gorges Dam. PM Modi was the Gujarat chief minister from October 2001 to May 2014"The speed with which you constructed this dam and its scale inspired me. So I came on a study tour and spent a day at the dam," PM Modi had told Xi.As the world's largest hydropower project, the Three Gorges project is a multifunctional water control system on the mighty Yangtze river. It comprises a dam stretching 2,309 meters long and 185 meters high, 32 hydropower turbo-generators, a five-tier ship lock and ship lift system.Mr Luo said China took special care to provide an enabling and comfortable environment for Prime Minister Modi in Wuhan, with the ambassador himself carrying with him table clothes from Gujarat and Assam tea for the visiting dignitary.While sharing some of the efforts made by the Chinese leadership to make Prime Minister Modi feel at home in the central Chinese city, over 1,000 km from Beijing, Mr Luo said President Xi has met the Indian premier 13 times in the last five years of his first term.Mr Luo said Chinese officials came to know that Prime Minister Modi liked table clothes from Gujarat. "So we decided to use them during the informal summit.""We didn't serve Chinese tea to Prime Minister Modi but Assam tea," he said.During the summit, the two leaders agreed to build on the rich cultures of the two great oriental civilisations and harness the rich human resources of their combined population of 2.6 billion. President Xi and Prime Minister Modi agreed to step up cultural exchanges by promoting people-to-people links and unleashing the vitality of the two emerging economies.For this, the two sides have agreed to establish a high-level cultural and people-to-people exchange mechanism, the envoy said.Ravindra Jadeja hasn't had a good run in the ongoing Indian Premier League (IPL) so far but such is his demeanour that he doesn't stay away from the headlines. The other day, he dropped two back-to-back catches at mid-off against Kolkata Knight Riders that proved crucial in the end as Sunil Narine went on to score 32 for his team. On Friday, Jadeja clean-bowled Royal Challengers Bangalore (RCB) captain Virat Kohli on the very first ball he bowled but decided not to celebrate the dismissal. After the wicket, Kohli gave him a nasty stare and Jadeja, who is known for wild celebrations, didn't react at all.

Twitter was quick to notice this and trolled Jadeja brutally for not celebrating, with Indian Premier League and ICC too joining in the fun.

No celebrations from Jadeja here as he gets the crucial wicket of the #RCB Skipper.#CSKvRCB pic.twitter.com/1U4KdKDrlv — IndianPremierLeague (@IPL) May 5, 2018

When you dismiss your national team captain ?? https://t.co/h7cnFiuw3c — ICC (@ICC) May 5, 2018

For Those Asking Why Didn't I Celebrate Virat Kohli's Wicket, Yes I Was Scared My Place In National Team Will Be Screwed. #CSKvRCB #CSKvsRCB #Jadeja #SirJadeja pic.twitter.com/S9AyvEDnrc — Sir Ravindra Jadeja (@SirJadeja) May 5, 2018

Letter postmatch :



Hi Virat ,



I have no intent to do this to you . If possible , please forgive me . And please consider me for selection .



Your faithfully

Jaddu #CSKvRCB #jadeja pic.twitter.com/S5qo50BRGn — PK (@restlessler) May 5, 2018

"It was my first ball and I was not ready to celebrate. Virat's wicket is always a huge wicket, I was thinking I got a good wicket," said Jadeja when asked about the incident.

CSK produced a magnificent bowling performance as they restricted RCB to a meagre 127/9 in 20 overs at the MCS stadium, Pune on Saturday afternoon. MS Dhoni winning the toss, put RCB to bat as the home team bowlers ran through the famed RCB batting line-up quickly to gain an upper hand in the game early. Brendon McCullum, Virat Kohli and AB de Villiers were dismissed cheaply while Parthiv Patel was the sole fighter who scored a brilliant 53. Chennai spinners -- Ravindra Jadeja and Harbhajan Singh -- shared five wickets between them as they spun a web around the visitors.

However, Tim Southee provided a final flourish in the dying moments of the game to help his team cross the three-figure back. Apart from this, he strung together a 34-run partnership in the end with Mohammed Siraj. For Chennai, Jadeja was the pick of the bowlers as he finished with the figures of 3/18 in his stipulated overs.