Amal Dutta, India's first ever professional coach who died in Kolkata on July 10, the day of the Euro 2016 final at the age of 87, was a man more sinned against than sinning. India's first-ever professional coach, the short-statured but large hearted Amal Dutta was a Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde type of character, inspiring, intelligent but often self-destructive. He was recognised as the finest thinker of the game in India.



His attitude to life was refreshingly bold and ahead of his times. In the early 1960s, as a young man, he defied the characteristic Bengali middle-class dream of a secure government job by giving up a cushy job in the Indian Railways to become a full-time football coach. This was a bold step in the early sixties in India, when socialist thinking prevailed and private enterprise and individualism were not the buzzwords as they are now. Also in those days, income from football was meagre.



He was often abrasive with authorities, either the All India Football Federation or the Indian Football Association (IFA). As he survived on his football coaching skills, he expected proper payment and when this was not fulfilled, his penchant for outspoken remarks often landed him in trouble. Sadly, his genius as a coach was never fully recognised. His tenure with the national team was barely for a year in 1987-88.



For all his exemplary teaching skills, he was never made coach of India's age-group teams, a loss for the game in the country. His inability to compromise prevented him from getting his due recognition. Amal Da, as he was popularly called, was a perfectionist and a visionary. He courted trouble, financial hardships and even unpopularity but never gave up or compromised.



History will remember Amal Dutta not as just the first ever-professional coach but for his tactical contributions. In 1969 as Mohun Bagan's coach, he introduced the 4-2-4 formation in the country despite opposition from legends like former national skipper Salien Manna. In 1988 as Technical Director of the Indian team, Dutta made them play in the 4-4-2 formation for the first time. In the twilight of his career, Dutta experimented again in 1997 and used a three-back system and Mohun Bagan played in the celebrated 'Diamond' formation. All these new formations were used to extract the maximum potential from his players. He instilled confidence in the players by diligent practice so that they understood the nuances of the formation.



He was a competent midfielder with East Bengal in the mid 1950s and represented India in the 1954 Asian Games at Manila. To further his knowledge of the game, he went to England for a year-long coaching course with the Football Association (FA). He worked under the renowned Walter Winterbottom, England's first full-time coach. On his return to India, Amal Dutta's first major assignment as a coach was in 1960 when he trained Railways for the Santosh trophy.



In 1963, came his first stint with a big club, when he joined East Bengal midway through the Calcutta league. In the first leg, Mohun Bagan with greats like Chuni Goswami, Jarnail Singh, Kempiah and Arumainayagam in their team had beaten East Bengal 3-0. However in the return leg, under Dutta's tutelage, East Bengal triumphed over their arch rivals 2-0 with goals from Ashim Moulick and Noor.



Rescuing a team in adversity was a regular feature in Amal Dutta's career. As he once jocularly told me, "I am known as a Harley Street specialist. When the patient (losing football club) has been treated by all doctors and not recovered, they come to me."



Dutta remained with East Bengal in 1964 but a year later, he took the first of several bold steps in his chequered career. He quit the security of his job with the Indian Railways and opted to become a full-time football coach. The magnitude of such a step in the mid-sixties can be put in perspective by examining the remuneration received by Calcutta's leading stars in those days. Superstars like Jarnail Singh, Peter Thangraj, Ashim Moulick and Ram Bahadur received Rs 8,000-12,000 per annum.



Except Jarnail Singh, all the other players were employed in banks or public sector firms. Also the concept of a professional coach was not in vogue during those days. A comparison can also be made with P.K. Banerjee who was then at the peak of his playing career as a right winger with Eastern Railway. P.K. was much in demand by both East Bengal and Mohun Bagan but he never quit the security of his job in Eastern Railway because of family responsibilities and steady income from his employers.



Commenting on the risk factor, Dutta had once said, "Football was my passion. I had a dream. I wanted to start a football academy and groom youngsters properly to make them international players. To leave a secure job was a risk. I was newly married and was not sure how I would support my family. I often showed football videos -- cassettes to neighbourhood children and charged them a small amount to augment my income."



Dutta's dream of setting up his own football academy never materialised as he lacked the temperament to private sector sponsorship and during his coaching career never secured large sums of money.



For some years, Dutta coached outside Calcutta. Having established his credentials as a coach, in Orissa and Kerala, Dutta returned to Calcutta as coach of Mohun Bagan in the 1969-70 season. It was during this season that he made Bagan play in the 4-2-4 formation for the first time. Till then, most Indian teams played in the 3-2-5 formation.



Dashing and diminutive right back Bhabhani Roy became the first Indian wingback to regularly overlap frequently. Bagan's left wing back that year was the phlegmatic Altaf Ahmed. Selected for the prestigious Asian All Stars squad in 1965, Altaf belonged to the old school, a defender who excelled in sound interceptions and clean tackling but did not like to overlap and initiate attacks.



Dutta pragmatically dealt with Altaf. Realising that Altaf was too set in his ways to change, the left back was allowed to initiate moves from his own half. Roy was younger and faster and so Bagan started playing the 4-2-4 system with only the right back linking up with the attackers.



The 4-2-4 system became a craze in Calcutta in 1969 and Bagan were immediately successful. They won the coveted League title and the IFA Shield. In the IFA Shield final they trounced arch-rivals East Bengal 3-1 (left winger Pronob Ganguly 2 and striker Sukalyan Ghosh Dastidar 1). To introduce this innovatory system, Dutta faced opposition within the club. Legendary defender the late Padma Shree Manna scoffed at a system in which defenders became attackers.



But Dutta was persuasive and patient. He spent hours with the Bagan officials and former players showing them video cassettes of teams like then twice world champions Brazil playing in the 4-2-4 system and the effectiveness of the formation. Finally Bagan's officials relented and Dutta became famous as the man who brought 4-2-4 to club football in India.



Such inspired coaching and success with leading clubs like Mohun Bagan and East Bengal elevated Dutta to the national team in 1987. He was made Technical Director of the Indian squad with Syed Nayeemuddin as chief coach. Planning meticulously, Dutta enjoyed his tenure and introduced the Indian team to a new 4-4-2 formation. He was the first to make the Indian team play with either retracting wingers like Babu Mani or Uttam Mukherjee or with all -purpose midfielders.



At the Salt Lake stadium, Calcutta India won the 1987 SAF Games gold medal beating Nepal in the final. Then in the 1988 Nehru Cup at Siliguri, India played inspired football against formidable East European teams. India drew with Poland 1-1 with tenacious central midfielder P. Vijaykumar scoring the goal. Against Hungary also India took the lead, with Tarun Dey scoring a penalty kick before losing the match. Dutta's success was getting India to play effectively in the 4-4-2 formation.



Midfielders like P. Vijaykumar, Satyajit Chatterjee, V. Amalraj and skipper Sudeep Chaterjee moved effortlessly into scoring positions. Overlapping left back Deepak Kumar provided thrust on the flanks. For many years, the Phagwara-based Deepak had been on the fringe of selection for the national team but ignored. He made his international debut due to Dutta's foresight. Under his tutelage, Deepak became a more polished player. His crosses were more varied and consistent and his defensive positioning also improved.



Another Punjab player, the late Jagmohan Singh, the son of the late and legendary Jarnail Singh, was selected at Dutta's insistence for the 1988 Nehru Cup. He admired Jagmohan's powerful shots, mobility and close marking of burly strikers like the dangerous Nigerian Chima Okorie.



For some inexplicable reason, Dutta was dropped from the Indian coaching squad for the Asia Cup qualifying group at Doha, Qatar, in February 1988, just a month after the Nehru Cup at Siliguri. It was the old story, Dutta's abrasive nature led to his dismissal. As a professional, he expected prompt payment for his services, but the AIFF was tardy in its response.



Dutta with his tactical expertise and ability to inspire junior players would have been an ideal choice for the Tata Football Academy (TFA) but they ignored him. Experienced international midfielder Satyajit Chatterjee described him as the best coach he has ever played under. He admitted that Dutta played a pivotal role in harnessing his talent during his first season with Bagan in 1986.



After his abrupt dismissal from the Indian team, Dutta returned to club coaching and in 1991, again performed another Houdini like rescue act in mid-season. Subash Bhowmick was unsuccessful with Bagan in his first stint with a big club. Bagan flopped in the Durand tournament and did not even reach the semi finals. With the same personnel and a little changing of positions and subtle psychology, Dutta transformed Bagan's season of despair into one of success.



Suddenly Mohun Bagan played with new-found cohesion and confidence. They won the Rovers Cup (beat Mohammedan Sporting 1-0 in the final) and reached the final of the DCM tournament losing 1-0 to Iranian champions Pas Club. Earlier in the league phase, Bagan had held Pas club to a goalless draw.



Like Brian Clough, Dutta's contribution was shrewd utilisation of resources, improving morale and team spirit. He converted Uttam Mukherjee into an effective left-sided midfielder in the 4-4-2 formation. Skipper Sisir Ghosh was struggling to get a place in the playing eleven because Chima and new recruit I.M. Vijayan were in sparkling form. The wily Dutta inspired Sisir to function as a withdrawn forward, a snatcher and playmaker.



In the DCM quarterfinal league match against Pas Club and in the crucial semi-final against Mohammedan Sporting which Bagan won 3-0, Dutta used Pabitra Kar, a lanky forward who had just made his international debut, as right back. Dutta's reasoning for the switch was lucid. "Pabitra is an unusually combative player with good height and excellent in aerial duels. So I used him as a defender."



In the 1997 season, Amal Dutta created a sensation with his tactical innovation the "Diamond system", basically a 3-4-3 formation, with a defensive midfielder, playing as a screen ahead of the stopper back. Bagan used the three-back system with midfielder Debjit Ghosh playing deep as a defensive screen. Amit Das and Basudeb Mondal were the attacking midfielders on the flanks and from the quartet of Chima, Dipendu Biswas, Roshan Pereira and Abdul Khalique, three front runners were chosen.



Dutta again defied tradition by getting the players to train both in the morning and evening. The sultry Calcutta weather was not considered suitable for two training sessions a day. But Dutta by his varied and interesting training sessions ensured the players never got stale or fatigued.



Dutta's new system aroused spectator and media interest especially after Bagan's 6-0 demolition of Churchill Brothers in the Federation Cup quarter-finals. The crowds flocked back in the hope of witnessing attacking football. The 1997 Federation Cup semifinal between East Bengal and Mohun Bagan attracted a record crowd of 131,000 at the Salt Lake stadium, Kolkata.



The match was a setback for Dutta and his system. Baichung Bhutia's hattrick enabled East Bengal win 4-1. Despite trenchant criticism Dutta persisted with his system. He courageously replaced established international custodian Hemanta Dora with the taller Bibhas Ghosh and sidelined ageing international stopper-back Aloke Das for lack of speed.



Bagan played some memorable matches that season winning the Calcutta league, finishing runners-up in the Durand Cup and annexing the DCM trophy for the first time. In the DCM semifinal, Bagan defeated the newly formed FC Kochin 3-1, with a vintage display of attacking football, to avenge their Durand final defeat by the same team, a fortnight earlier.



There was just a few days gap between these two premier tournaments in the capital and Bagan had little time to recover after the devastating defeat to F.C. Kochin in the Durand final. The players were despondent. Chima did not eat for a day. Both Amit Das and Basudeb Mondal had niggling injuries. Satyajit Chatterjee was gloomy and the team did not want to play in the DCM tournament.



Dutta used a psychological ploy to revive team morale. He hired a bus and took them out for a day of sightseeing and shopping in Delhi, instead of the routine practice sessions. The players were not blamed for the Durand final defeat and Dutta planned ahead and achieved success in the DCM tournament.



Finally, how does one assess Amal Dutta in relation to other great Indian coaches? He was rated highly by his contemporaries and considered the best reader of the game in India and always made sound substitutions. He will rank amongst the great pantheon of Indian coaches in the 20th century along with the late S.A. Rahim, the late G.M.H. Basha, P.K. Banerjee and Syed Nayeemuddin.



However, history will remember Amal Dutta as a trendsetter, India's first professional coach, the great innovator with unsurpassed tactical acumen. Clever utilisation of resources and the ability to find the best combination for any set of players was his forte. A voracious reader, his knowledge of football was immense and his analysis of trends in world football was always informative. He had multi-faceted interests and read widely from Shakespeare to Salman Rushdie and relaxed by playing musical instruments like the tabla. It was only his incessant struggles with officialdom that prevented him from getting his due.After staying on the top of the leaderboard on the 3rd day, India's new golfing sensation, Shubhankar Sharma once again had a heartbreak on the final day of the Indian Open. He slipped to a three-over 75 to finish tied for 7th at his home venue. Last week, the 21-year-old had led on the second and third day at the World Golf Championship-Mexico before finishing a creditable tied ninth.Lakme Fashion Week, in association with multi-designer retail store Ensemble, hosted an event to celebrate sports and fashion in Mumbai. World Cup winning Indian Kabaddi players such as Mohit Chillar and Surender Nada were seen in a new avatar, showcasing their fashion skills.We Are At Peak Fitness: Men's Hockey Captain Manpreet Singh

Team's level of fitness makes the Indian men's hockey captain Manpreet Singh hopeful of a good showing in the upcoming Commonwealth Games in Gold Coast, AustraliaTwo-time Commonwealth Games gold medallist Saina Nehwal and world no 10 HS Prannoy progressed to the semifinals of the women's and men's singles competition at the Asia Badminton Championship on Friday. Former world No 1 Saina showed her class as she beat unseeded Korean Lee Jang Mi 21-15 21-13 in a 43-minute clash. She will face world no 1 Tai Tzu Ying of Chinese Taipei next. "I am pleased with my game. Right now my confidence is at a high and I hope to go beyond the semis," said London Olympics bronze medallist Saina .

Prannoy, who had missed out of a medal at the Commonwealth Games, dug deep into his reservoir to eke out a hard-fought 18-21 23-21 21-12 win over second seeded Korean Son Wan Ho in a match that lasted an hour and 12 minutes. He will face Olympic champion and third seed Chen Long next.

However, Olympic silver medallist PV Sindhu and top seed Kidambi Srikanth bowed out of the tournament after suffering straight game losses.

While Sindhu, who had won a silver at the recent Commonwealth Games, lost 19-21 10-21 to seventh seeded Korean Sung Ji Hyun, Srikanth was too erratic and went down 12-21 15-21 to legendary Malaysian Lee Chong Wei, who showed he is not on the wane despite his spate of recent losses.

Brimming with confidence after winning the gold medal at the Gold Coast, in-form Saina showed great temperment as she bounced back from 3-8 and 9-13 deficits respectively, to first turn the tables at 14-13 and then walked away with the opening game.

The world no 15 Korean simply failed to put up a fight in the second game as Saina stamped her authority with a 8-1 lead.

Lee Jang reduced the gap to 8-12 but the Indian quickly made upward movements to seal the contest without much ado.

Sindhu, meanwhile, failed to get across 2015 World Championships bronze medallist Sung Ji, an opponent she has played 11 times, winning seven of those encounters.

The 22-year-old Indian, who had recovered from an ankle sprain midway through the Commonwealth Games, squandered a 16-12 advantage to allow Sung Ji pocket the opening game.

Sindhu simply wasn't good enough in the second game as the Korean jumped to a 5-1 lead and kept her nose ahead at 11-9 during the interval. The world no 9 reeled off seven straight points to double her lead and soon shut the doors on the Indian.

A lot was expected from Srikanth after his win over Chong Wei en route to India's maiden gold in mixed team event at CWG but the Malaysian today came out with all cylinders blazing, moving to a massive 13-4 lead in the opening game and closing the opening game without breaking a sweat.

Chong Wei, who had defeated Srikanth for the individual gold at Gold Coast, kept his distance from the Indian in the second game as well after moving to a 10-8 lead. Despite Srikanth's best efforts, Chong Wei walked away with the game and the match.

"This is my worst performance in an international tournament," said a disappointed Srikanth after the loss.

"I was never in the game and simply gave him (Chong Wei) many opportunities to get points. I wanted an error free game but it turned out to be otherwise."ASK OUR EXPERTS

Choose Topic --Select-- Breast Feeding Tobacco Control Bones & Joints Children Child Development Cancer Diabetes Drugs Ear Emotions Eyes Living Healthy Health Insurance Heart HIV/AIDS Infection Injuries/FirstAid Liver Men's Health Nutrition Pregnancy Rehabilitation Medicine Sexual Health Skin Surgery Teeth Travel and Health Tuberculosis Women's HealthFresh from booking their place in the Champions League final after a dramatic night in Rome, Liverpool's European heroes return to the fight for a Premier League top four finish when they face Chelsea on Sunday. Jurgen Klopp's side are still on a high following a 2-4 defeat at Roma on Wednesday that clinched a 7-6 aggregate success in the Champions League semi-finals. Liverpool will take on holders Real Madrid in their eighth European Cup final appearance on May 26 in Kiev. But first the Reds have to ensure they feature in next season's Champions League.

Third-placed Liverpool are six points ahead of fifth-placed Chelsea, but they would give renewed hope to the Blues if they are beaten at Stamford Bridge.

A Liverpool win this weekend would make it impossible for Chelsea to catch them, ensuring the Reds will qualify for next season's Champions League with a game in spare.

Even a draw in west London would effectively seal their top four place because Liverpool have a vastly superior goal difference.

Failing that, victory at home to Brighton on the final day of the league season would do the job before Liverpool focus on their European showdown with Cristiano Ronaldo and company.

Three draws in their past four league outings against Everton, West Bromwich Albion and Stoke -- partly the result of Klopp prioritising Champions League progress -- have allowed Chelsea to close to the gap.

Antonio Conte's men have three league games remaining to Liverpool's two, meaning if the Londoners win their remaining fixtures they will, at worst, finish level on points with the Champions League finalists.

For Klopp's peace of mind and to rest a tiring squad with a growing injury list, guaranteeing qualification on Sunday is the ideal scenario.

With that in mind, Klopp has no intention of resting key players like former Chelsea winger Mohamed Salah and Brazil forward Roberto Firmino this weekend.

"We have two semis again against Chelsea and Brighton and then we have two weeks. The league is equally important (as the Champions League)," Klopp said.

"We can make life easier for us by winning at Chelsea.

"It is not we can decide about leaving one out. We cannot play players who are not available.

"From Wednesday to Sunday in terms of turnaround is OK. The whole season is a constant challenge. We have fought hard for our position in the league.

"Of course it is a big advantage for Chelsea not playing in the week."

'Good opportunity'

Chelsea have no margin for error as they look to end a troubled season on a high by finishing in the top four and winning the FA Cup final against Manchester United.

The deposed champions are five points behind fourth-placed Tottenham, with both teams having three games to play.

Regardless of whether or not Chelsea finish in the top four, it seems likely manager Antonio Conte will leave at the end of the season.

Conte has feuded with the Chelsea hierarchy over their failure to back his transfer plans last summer and Napoli's Maurizio Sarri this week became the latest manager to be linked with the Italian's job.

Even so, Conte remains focused on getting Chelsea back into the top four after a run of three successive league wins.

Hopeful of taking advantage of Liverpool tiredness after their European exploits, Conte said: "This could be a good opportunity for us.

"As I said a lot of times in the last three games, if we want to keep the hope alive we have to win. We have to get three points.

"Liverpool are a good team. It won't be easy, but if we want to keep alive the hope, we have to try to win, to get three points on Sunday."Airline staff and animal control experts worked together to get the animal out. (Representational Image)

A raccoon has delayed my flight to Toronto. pic.twitter.com/AafLuKrRli - Damien (@damienlee) May 3, 2018

More panels coming off. I respect the effort @AirCanada crew is putting into finding this raccoon. It'd be nice to get flight underway, but so far passenger lounge still finding this novel. - Damien (@damienlee) May 3, 2018

Hello Damien, we're sorry about the delay. Please be assured that our ground team is working hard to have you on your way. /Ali - Air Canada (@AirCanada) May 4, 2018

Raccoon is out of the plane (and running across field now). Alive and well, due to folks like this: pic.twitter.com/MLfzCYd5Wf - Damien (@damienlee) May 4, 2018

Travelling can be quite tedious but flying on a plane that's delayed makes for some of the worst travel stories. For passengers flying on an Air Canada flight from Saskatoon's airport to Toronto, the wait was for several hours. And the reason for the delay? A pesky little raccoon.According to airline staff, the raccoon snuck into the hose of an air conditioning unit, reports CBS News . Tweets posted by passenger Damien Lee document the entire rather bizarre incident. "For the first hour, it was really novel," he told CBS News . "No one's ever seen anything like this."Airline staffers and animal control experts worked together to get the animal out, reports CTV News . Panels from the aircraft were also removed and lassos were kept ready in order to catch the raccoon.Meanwhile, Air Canada tweeted the passenger back saying they were putting in their best efforts to get the animal out.Eventually, the animal made it out and managed to escape unharmed, reports CBS News Mr Lee also tweeted an update confirming the newsThe flight that was meant to leave at 2:50 pm eventually took off at 10 pm. Wonder what the raccoon's next adventure will be.Click for more trending newsIndia's star shuttler Kidambi Srikanth on Thursday climbed to the third spot in the latest rankings released by the Badminton World Federation (BWF). Srikanth , who took silver in the men's singles category at the Commonwealth Games in Australia last month, climbed a couple of spots from the fifth place. Fellow Indian HS Prannoy also rose two rungs to take the eighth spot. Viktor Axelsen of Denmark is at the top spot followed by South Korean Son Wan Ho. Srikanth is currently on 74,135 points while Son has 74,670. Axelsen has a sizeable lead at the top with 77,570 points. In the women singles section, Indian star PV Sindhu continues to hold on to the third spot. The 2016 Rio Olympics silver medallist had lost to compatriot Saina Nehwal in the women's singles final at the Commonwealth Games.

Saina has climbed two spots to enter the top 10. The Hyderabad-based London Olympics bronze medallist is currently at the 10th position with 55,890 points.

Tai Tzu Ying of Chinese Taipei leads the women's singles standings while Japan's Akane Yamaguchi is at the second spot.

(With IANS Inputs)Karnataka elections: Hindu groups like the VHP are campaigning much more openly for the BJP.

Highlights Coastal Karnataka sees cycle of violence between Hindu, Muslim groups Hindu group leader says young men can't keep quiet if own are killed Muslim group leader says can't blame outfit for what members do

Jagadish Shenava said young people cannot "keep quiet when a 23-year-old boy is killed for no reason".

Ashok Poojary, who the BJP says is among the 23 "martyrs" in Karnataka, is still alive.

Ramanath Rai of the Congress says charges that party and the PFI are colluding are false.

Mohammed Saqib of the PFI says the organisation can't be blamed if members indulge in violence.

In the heart of Mangalore, an unusual sight: a team of activists of the Vishwa Hindu Parishad, or VHP, campaigning for the BJP.They distributed handbills, and went from shop to shop, asking for votes for Vedavyas Kamath, the BJP candidate from the Mangalore South seat in the Karnataka election later this month.Later they chanted slogans of Hindu unity.Hardline Sangh Parivar outfits rarely campaign openly for the BJP. This time, however, promises to be different."As per my knowledge, there was not that much intensity even in the Lok Sabha elections", Jagadish Shenava, the Mangalore district president of the VHP told NDTV."Full Sangh Parivar is involved in this, in a manner I have never seen," he said.The reason, he said is because "24 of our boys have been killed by Jihadis. Every activity of (Chief Minister) Siddaramaiah is anti-Hindu," a reference to a list of 23 BJP-RSS workers allegedly murdered by Muslim extremists during Congress rule.That list has been debunked repeatedly: the state government found that of the 23 deaths, 14 had no links to Muslims. Those findings were borne out by an investigation by Scroll.in. NDTV found that the first name on the BJP's 'martyr' list, Ashok Poojary, is alive.Moreover, the pattern of violence in coastal Karnataka is not solely of Hindutva group workers as victims, but of a cycle of revenge killings between Hindutva groups, and extremist Muslim outfits like the Popular Front of India (PFI).According to one estimate, nine workers of Hindutva outfits were killed in the past five years, a majority in coastal Karnataka. In a bulk of the cases, the accused are from the PFI. In the same period, Hindutva groups like the Bajrang Dal are accused in at least six killings of Muslims, including PFI members.In January this year Deepak Rao, a BJP activist who ran a mobile shop, was brutally murdered in Mangalore's Suratkal area. The police have arrested 11 men, of whom two have links to the PFI, they say.Within seven hours of Deepak Rao's killing, Abdul Basheer who ran a fast food restaurant at a busy Mangalore intersection was attacked and killed, police claim as revenge for Rao's murder. The men arrested include members of the Bajrang Dal and the Hindu Jagran Vedike, a fringe Hindutva outfit.The response by the BJP however, has been selective. A slew of BJP leaders, including BJP President Amit Shah made their way to Rao's residence, but did not come to visit Basheer's family, his son, Imran told NDTV."The CM (Siddaramaiah) came first went to Deepak Rao's house, and then came to see us. But Amit Shah only went to Deepak Rao's house. We are only 4 km away. Why did he not come here?" said Imran.The VHP's Jagadish Shenava justified the retaliatory killing. "How can youngsters keep quiet when a 23-year-old boy (Deepak Rao) was killed for no reason?" he said.In the 2013 assembly elections, the Congress swept Mangalore, winning seven of eight seats in the district. This time, says Shenava, "Hindu anger" will reverse that trend.On the other side of the coin, the culture of political violence has not dented the PFI's political prospects.They performed poorly in 2013 assembly elections, but did well in recent local body elections in the Mangalore and Udupi region."We educate, we organise, we agitate for our constitutional rights. But there are incidents where some relatives of our members were targeted and our members organised themselves and they did something. The organisation can't be blamed for this," Mohammed Saqib, the President of PFI told NDTV from Bangalore.The BJP has alleged that the Congress and the PFI have struck a secret pact - the PFI has chosen not to contest the Karnataka elections, barring three seats, in exchange for the Congress government going soft on cases against the PFI. Ramanath Rai, Congress leader from Mangalore and Forest Minister, told NDTV that the charge is baseless. "PFI is fighting against us in Mysore and some other places."The PFI's Saqib denied a secret pact but said their decision to withdraw was to ensure that the BJP is defeated. "We do not want to split the anti-BJP vote," he said.Highlights Dozens killed in Uttar Pradesh in thunder and dust-storm this week Yogi Adityanath campaigned for Karnataka elections, returned yesterday Says weather office did not alert his administration adequately

After returning to Uttar Pradesh, Yogi Adityanath on Saturday appeared to blame the weather department for not providing adequate information about the ferocious winds that tore down homes and toppled walls, killing nearly 75 people in the state.Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath had flown directly to Agra on Friday evening, skipping two election meetings that he was to address in Karnataka. He had been facing flak for continuing to campaign in Karnataka for the May 12 elections despite scores of deaths in the state that he rules.The intense storm and lightening uprooted trees, snapped power cables and led to the collapse of many thatched houses. A large number of people were sleeping when their roofs collapsed as 130 km an hour gusts battered their houses.That the Chief Minister decided to go for an aerial survey over Agra and Kanpur is an indicator of the widespread destruction that it left behind. He has not spoken yet on what he saw.Over 40 people died in Agra district alone. Altogether, 124 people were killed and over 300 others injured in five states due thunderstorms and lightning, the Union Home Ministry said today.Reaching out to people who were injured in the storm, Yogi Adityanath, 45, also visited the city's state-run hospital and later met some affected families. The state government had earlier claimed that most people entitled to relief had already been given the money.For the future, Yogi Adityanath told reporters that the government had sent out warnings for storms that are expected to continue till May 8. "We are informing people about the dangers and telling them to get to safety," he said.Asked why the state officials hadn't taken similar steps when the dust storms ravaged parts of the state, he seemed to point a finger at the weather department."I will be looking into that matter. I have ordered a meeting on this matter.... Why didn't the weather department alert people on time," Yogi Adityanath told reporters. It is a point that state government officials had alluded to earlier, insisting that weather department alerts did not indicate the deadly nature of the winds."The weather department's feedback said that the storm wasn't of a very high intensity but often local factors play a role.... It was quite intense for the Saharanpur area even though the damage there was relatively lesser than other areas. There has been a lot of damage in Agra," Sanjay Kumar, Relief Commissioner of Uttar Pradesh had said earlier.Yoga guru Baba Ramdev displayed his wrestling skills as he went head-to-head with 2008 Olympic silver medalist Andriy Stadnik in a promotional bout of the Patanjali Powervita Pro Wrestling League (PWL) in New Delhi on Wednesday.No lack of national pride for this boxer as he knows what it means to make it big for the country.With pollution reaching alarming heights, it is time to clean the air. Sohum tells you all about air purifiers that are available today to help you breathe easy. We also visit the factory of Camfil India, a company that makes purifiers for commercial spaces, where we split the air purifiers wide open.Rohit Sharma and Krunal Pandya delivered in desperate times as Mumbai Indians stayed alive in the IPL with a tense six-wicket win over Kings XI Punjab on Friday. Captain Rohit (24* off 15) and Krunal (31* off 12) shared a match-winning 56-run stand off just 21 balls as Mumbai Indians reached the 175-run target in 19 overs. (Photo Courtesy: BCCI)Curtis Mcgrath is a soldier, a survivor and an Olympic champion who was in India recently to build a movement to enhance participation of disabled people in sports.Indian singles stars Saina Nehwal and HS Prannoy settled for bronze medals after losing in the semi-finals of the Badminton Asia Championships on Saturday. London Olympic bronze medallist Saina lost to Chinese Taipei top seed Tai Tzu Ying 25-27, 19-21in 45 minutes. It was Saina's third bronze medal in the Asia Championships. In the final, Tai will meet Chinese sixth seed Chen Yufei, who eased past South Korean seventh seed Sung Ji Hyun 21-12, 21-13 in 37 minutes.

In a men's singles semi-final, Prannoy was defeated by Reigning Olympic champion and Chinese third seed Chen Long, who won 21-16, 21-18 in 52 minutes. World No.10 Prannoy bagged his first medal at the continental meet.

Following her ninth consecutive win against Saina, Tai has taken an 11-5 lead in head-to-head record against the veteran Indian.

In the final, world No.2 Tai will meet Chinese sixth seed Chen Yufei, who eased past South Korean seventh seed Sung Ji Hyun 21-12, 21-13 in 37 minutes.

The 20-year-old Yufei booked a spot in the final without dropping one game in four matches.

"Tai is keeping good form this year. I haven't beat her for a long time, so she is really a tough rival for me to play," Yufei was quoted as saying by Xinhua news agency. "But I will try to give out my best to challenge her."

In a men's singles semi-final, Prannoy was defeated by Reigning Olympic champion and Chinese third seed Chen Long, who won 21-16, 21-18 in 52 minutes.

World No.10 Prannoy bagged his first medal at the continental meet. It was India's first medal since Anup Sridhar's bronze medal in 2007.

In the final, former world champion and home favourite Chen will meet unseeded Japanese Kento Momota, who stunned fifth seed and Malaysian veteran Lee Chong Wei with a 21-19, 21-14 victory in 55 minutes.

The men's doubles final will be fought between the Chinese top-seeded pair of Li Junhui and Liu Yucheng and Japanese pair Takeshi Kamura and Keigo Sonoda.

Junhui and Yucheng were one match away from defending the title when they overcame compatriots Huang Kaixiang and Wang Yilyu 21-17, 14-21, 21-10, while Kamura and Sonoda went past home duo of Zhang Nan and Liu Cheng 14-21, 21-12, 25-23.

In the women's doubles final, Japanese third seeds Yuki Fukushima and Sayaka Hirota will meet second-seeded compatriot Misaki Matsutomo and Ayaka Takahashi.

The mixed doubles final will be a battle between Indonesian top-seeded Tontowi Ahmad and Liliyana Natsir and Chinese second seeds Wang Yilyu and Huang Dongping.ASK OUR EXPERTS

Choose Topic --Select-- Breast Feeding Tobacco Control Bones & Joints Children Child Development Cancer Diabetes Drugs Ear Emotions Eyes Living Healthy Health Insurance Heart HIV/AIDS Infection Injuries/FirstAid Liver Men's Health Nutrition Pregnancy Rehabilitation Medicine Sexual Health Skin Surgery Teeth Travel and Health Tuberculosis Women's HealthPM Narendra Modi accused top Congress leaders of auctioning their tickets and party posts.

Highlights PM Modi says BJP will demolish Congress in Karnataka elections Says BJP will limit Congress only to Punjab, Puducherry, Parivar (family) Siddaramaiah's comeback: BJP's "PPP" are Prison, Price Rise and Pakoda

Prime Minister Narendra Modi amped up his criticism against the Congress, predicting the return of the BJP to Karnataka and squeeze Rahul Gandhi's party to just two states. PM Modi, as usual, also came with an acronym to describe the opposition party's new status. "When the results for the Karnataka elections are out on May 15, then it will not be an Indian National Congress. It will become PPP Congress," PM Modi, who doesn't lose an opportunity to coin acronyms to make his point, said."That means Punjab, Puducherry, Parivar Congress," he said. Karnataka is one of the only four states ruled by the Congress. The other three are Punjab, Puducherry and Mizoram. This isn't the first time that the BJP or PM Modi has predicted the defeat of the Siddaramaiah government or attacked the dynastic politics of the Congress.The BJP's presumptive chief minister BS Yeddyurappa had recently also predicted a clear majority for the BJP in the 224-member assembly, the second slot for the Congress with 50-60 seats and JDS, around 30. But the barbs have become sharper as campaigning for the May 12 election enters the home stretch.PM Modi said despite a series of electoral losses in Maharashtra, Goa, Gujarat, Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh, Chhattisgarh, Uttar Pradesh, Uttarakhand, Himachal Pradesh, and Tripura did not have the Congress as worried as it is now."I tell you why... Because their ministers and leaders in Karnataka have built a tank here. A part of money looted from people is taken home and the rest is put in that tank. The tank is linked to Delhi through a pipeline which carries the money directly to Delhi," he said, asking people to "be alert"."If the Congress comes to power, its government will do nothing but loot," PM Modi said. It is seen as his counter-offensive to Rahul Gandhi who has been taking swipes at him for not speaking about corruption cases against the Reddy brothers or its CM face Yeddyurappa.Rahul Gandhi, who had tweeted a sharp attack on him for protecting Yeddyurappa just hours earlier, has not responded to the attack.Chief Minister Siddaramaiah, who was also on his line of fire, however, was quick with his take."Heard you spun a new abbreviation 'PPP' today. Sir, we have always championed the 3 Ps of democracy - 'Of the People, By the People, For the People'. While your party is a 'Prison', 'Price Rise' & 'Pakoda' party," Siddaramaiah tweeted.He also reminded PM Modi that it was mining baron G Janardhan Reddy, who he called "one of your friends", who was believed to have spent Rs 500 crore on his daughter's wedding at the peak of the cash crunch due to the notes ban decision. Siddaramaiah also posed some questions, suggesting that PM Modi should also touch upon issues that really matter to people of Karnataka. "Why is diesel and petrol so expensive when international crude oil prices are half of what they used to be before 2014?" he asked.Earlier in the day, PM Modi sought to counter the Congress campaign that the BJP and former prime minister HD Deve Gowda-led Janata Dal Secular had a deal. PM Modi, who had recently accused Rahul Gandhi of insulting Deve Gowda, today insisted in Tumkuru that the Congress and JDS had a "secret understanding".Indian wrestler Babita Phogat, who made the country proud by bagging a silver medal in the recently-concluded 21st edition of the Commonwealth Games in Gold Coast, on Monday said that winning an Olympic medal still remains her ultimate goal. Despite making a good start in the initial rounds of the summit showdown of the women's 53kg category at CWG 2018 , Phogat failed to capitalise on it and slumped to a 2-5 defeat at the hands of Canada's Diana Weicker to settle for a silver medal. It was Phogat's third Commonwealth Games medal after winning silver and gold in Delhi (51kg) and Glasgow (55kg) respectively.

However, the 28-year-old from Bhiwani district of Haryana is yet striving to add an Olympic medal to her tally.

Reflecting on the same, Phogat told ANI that she would continue to work towards achieving an Olympic medal till the time she bags it.

"We started doing wrestling for Olympics. Winning an Olympic medal still remains my ultimate goal. It is yet to be achieved. Till the time we do not bag an Olympic medal, we will continue to work towards it," she said.

Meanwhile, Phogat also reflected on the overall performance of the Indian wrestlers at the Gold Coast. She said that women wrestlers have now started performing really well and that it is for the first time that all the wrestlers who went for the Games brought back the glory.

"Earlier, there was more focus on men's wrestling. However, now women's wrestlers are also coming forward. We have medals in Olympics and World Championships. Now, people have big hopes from wrestling. And it is for the first time that all the wrestlers who went at the Commonwealth Games brought the medal," she said.

Yesterday, Prime Minister Modi, addressing the 43rd edition of 'Mann Ki Baat,' had lauded the Indian athletes over their exceptional performance at the Commonwealth Games (CWG) in Gold Coast, earlier this month.

"Our athletes lived up to the expectations of the country and won medal after medal. It was a fantastic performance in 2018 Commonwealth Games.It was a time when people all over the country thought about which players will perform today. It was a glorious festival for the entire country and all the countrymen," the Prime Minister said.

The 2018 Commonwealth Games have been India's third most successful CWG of all time. India won a total of 66 medals, which included 26 gold, 20 silver and 20 bronze.

Earlier, India won 101 medals in the Delhi Commonwealth Games 2010 and 69 medals in the 2002 Melbourne Games.Sixteen-year-old Max Verstappen will become the youngest driver in Formula One history next season after being unveiled as Toro Rosso's new signing. The Dutch teenager, son of ex-F1 driver Jos Verstappen, will partner Daniil Kvyat in the Red Bull feeder team with Frenchman Jean-Eric Vergne. Verstappen, who turns 17 next month, will beat the age record currently held by Spain's Jaime Alguersuari, who was 19 years and 125 days when he made his debut in 1990. Verstappen is following the path of four-time world champion Sebastian Vettel and Red Bull team-mate Daniel Ricciardo, who were also members of the Red Bull Junior Team.01

Source: Photo: Varinder Chawla

Several celebrities were spotted in the arrivals section of the Mumbai airport on Friday, many of whom we'll surely spot at Sonam Kapoor's wedding on May 8.



Sonam's uncle Boney Kapoor and cousin Janhvi returned from Delhi, where they went to collect Sridevi's Best Actress National Award.On September 6, in Bangor, Wales, an 83-year-old Masood Fakhri breathed his last. Fakhri, born in Toba Tek Singh in 1932, long before Sadat Hasan Manto's highly-acclaimed short story immortalised the town, was a Pakistan international footballer.

For a country currently languishing in the 190s in the FIFA world rankings, Pakistan's footballing history isn't particularly very rich. However, for a nation obsessed with cricket, like the rest of the sub-continent, it has had its own footballing heroes.

Masood Fakhri was one of them. And his story is one that needs to be told, especially in times when India's severely fractured relationship with Pakistan has made it extremely difficult for athletes from one country to ply their trades in the other's land.

Masood Fakhri first made his name playing for Raiders Club in Pakistan. © NDTV

East Bengal's derby hero

In 1952, East Bengal raised quite a few eyebrows when they signed the 20-year-old youngster from Pakistan. Masood Fakhri had made his name playing for Pakistan Raiders Club and was making rapid strides in the sport in the early 1950s. However, not much was known about him when he first arrived in Kolkata.

Fakhri wasn't the first Pakistani national to play for East Bengal. Three seasons before, Taj Mohammed had signed for the club. Three more players from the neighbouring country would go on to play for the club in subsequent years. Those were times when the wounds of partition were still fresh.

He made an instant impact at East Bengal. In his first season, Fakhri played a key role as the 'Red and Gold' won the Calcutta Football League (CFL), Durand Cup and DCM Trophy. In those days, the Durand Cup, Asia's oldest football tournament, was the top attraction for clubs in the national football calendar.

The Pakistani forward, who played on the left flank of an attacking line, took little time to win over the East Bengal faithful. In his first two derby appearances against the club's fiercest rivals Mohun Bagan, Fakhri scored the winning goals for East Bengal, with both ending in 1-0 victories.

Only a few years after widespread communal riots in 1946 in Kolkata and adjacent towns had claimed the lives of thousands, and confirmed the inevitability of a bitter and hate-filled partition of India, it was quite a turn of events that a Pakistani national was, all of a sudden, celebrated as a hero by one half of the city!

Masood Fakhri was part of the East Bengal squad that toured Romania and the USSR in 1953. © NDTV

Foray into English football

Fakhri went on to play for two more seasons at the club. In 1953, he was part of the senior team's tour to the Romanian Youth Festival in Bucharest and to Soviet Union. In 1955, Fakhri moved to Mohammedan Sporting. He continued to do well at Mohammedan, and helped the club to the Rovers Cup triumph in 1956.

During this time, the young forward was at the peak of his career. He had been a star for the Pakistan national team in the preceding years. Fakhri had most notably scored a hat-trick as Pakistan thumped Singapore 6-2 in a group match at the 1954 Asian Games in Manila. He had also scored goals against India and Myanmar during the period.

In 1956, Bert Flatley, a coach with the Football Association (FA) in England, communicated to Fakhri the possibility of a move to Bradford City. The club then played in the third tier of English football. After negotiations with the then manager Peter Jackson, Fakhri finally signed for the club.

The Pakistani forward arrived in Bradford on August 8, 1956, and played for them till 1957 when he prematurely quit football due to personal reasons, as confirmed to NDTV by his family.

Masood Fakhri helped East Bengal to three trophies in his debut season at the club. © NDTV

Masood Fakhri's footballing legacy

Indian football great Chuni Goswami was in his mid-teen years when Fakhri first arrived in Kolkata. "The first day I saw Masood Fakhri, I must have been 16. I kept looking at him. It felt as if some prince from a fairytale had come straight into the football field," Goswami said of Fakhri's good looks in a recent column in Ananda Bazar Patrika.

Goswami added that Fakhri's ability and playing position often saw him being compared to East Bengal great PB Saleh. "There used to be regular debates as to who was the better footballer of the two," Goswami wrote.

For Fakhri, Kolkata represented the peak of a short but significant career in football. Speaking to NDTV, Zaynah Iman Butt, the niece of Masood Fakhri, said, "He always said that his playing days in Kolkata were the most memorable of his career, with some of his best performances coming during his time there."

The former footballer later lived a quiet life in Wales where he settled after his retirement from the sport. Zaynah says Fakhri closely followed sports despite being no longer professionally involved in any form after 1957.

"He followed football, cricket and other sports with great passion. Even in the last two weeks of his life in hospital, he wanted Sky Sports on (TV), so that he could watch cricket and football," she said.

Fakhri is survived by his wife Rhoda Eileen Fakhri, who lives in Llanrwst, North Wales. His brother's family is settled in Britain as well.North Korea Rejoins South Korea's Timezone: KCNA The two countries on the divided peninsula have had different time zones since 2015 when the North suddenly changed its standard time to 30 minutes behind the South.

41 Shares EMAIL PRINT Kim said he found it a "painful wrench" to see two wall clocks hanging at the summit venue. Seoul, South Korea: will move its clocks 30 minutes forward to unify with the South's time zone starting this Saturday as a conciliatory gesture after last week's



The two countries on the divided peninsula have had different time zones since 2015 when the North suddenly changed its standard time to 30 minutes behind the South.



Pyongyang cited a nationalistic rationale, saying it would return the North to the time zone used before Japan's 1910-45 colonial rule of the peninsula to mark the 70th anniversary of its liberation from Tokyo.



But North Korean leader Kim Jong Un promised to change the time zone back during the historic summit with South Korean President Moon Jae-in, KCNA reported Monday.



The pair held the summit -- the third such meeting between the two Koreas -- at the border truce village of Panmunjom, during which Kim set the foot on the south side of the border for the first time and the two leaders pledged to pursue denuclearisation and a permanent peace.



Kim said he found it a "painful wrench" to see two wall clocks hanging at the summit venue showing different times for the two neighbours, KCNA reported.



Kim expressed "his resolution to unify the two times ... as the first practical step for national reconciliation and unity," it said.



North Korea's parliament on Monday adopted a decree to return to the same time zone as South Korea from May 5, the state news agency said.



Moon's spokesman Yoon Young-chan earlier hailed the gesture as a "symbolic move" for better ties between Seoul and Pyongyang.



The creation of "Pyongyang time" drew criticism from Moon's conservative predecessor Park Geun-hye for further deepening the disparity between the two Koreas, whose division was sealed by the 1950-53 Korean War.



The two countries have remained technically at war after the conflict ended with an armistice instead of a peace treaty. Moon and Kim on Friday vowed to seek a formal end to the war.



North Korea is not the only country to have used a time zone to assert its national identity.



China and India have both imposed single time zones to promote unity across their vast territories, with people in China's westernmost provinces keeping to Beijing time despite the sun rising two hours later than in the capital.



Most time zones around the world are set on the hour, but some differ from Coordinated Universal Time (UTC) by 30 or even 45 minutes -- Myanmar's is half an hour behind its neighbour Thailand's, for example.



Nepal, whose clocks run five hours and 45 minutes ahead of UTC, chose its unusual time zone after India's meridian was deemed too far west for the small Himalayan nation to anchor itself to, and the next one along too far east.



So in 1956, Nepal decided to peg its standard time at Mount Gaurishankar, a peak east of the capital Kathmandu, putting it 15 minutes ahead of India -- a way to assert itself as a nation independent from its giant neighbour.



And despite lying far to the west of Europe, mainland Spain has been in the same time zone as central Europe since 1942, when Francisco Franco's fascist government adopted it to be in line with Nazi Germany.



(This story has not been edited by NDTV staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.)



North Korea will move its clocks 30 minutes forward to unify with the South's time zone starting this Saturday as a conciliatory gesture after last week's inter-Korean summit , the North's official news agency said.The two countries on the divided peninsula have had different time zones since 2015 when the North suddenly changed its standard time to 30 minutes behind the South.Pyongyang cited a nationalistic rationale, saying it would return the North to the time zone used before Japan's 1910-45 colonial rule of the peninsula to mark the 70th anniversary of its liberation from Tokyo.But North Korean leader Kim Jong Un promised to change the time zone back during the historic summit with South Korean President Moon Jae-in, KCNA reported Monday.The pair held the summit -- the third such meeting between the two Koreas -- at the border truce village of Panmunjom, during which Kim set the foot on the south side of the border for the first time and the two leaders pledged to pursue denuclearisation and a permanent peace.Kim said he found it a "painful wrench" to see two wall clocks hanging at the summit venue showing different times for the two neighbours, KCNA reported.Kim expressed "his resolution to unify the two times ... as the first practical step for national reconciliation and unity," it said.North Korea's parliament on Monday adopted a decree to return to the same time zone as South Korea from May 5, the state news agency said.Moon's spokesman Yoon Young-chan earlier hailed the gesture as a "symbolic move" for better ties between Seoul and Pyongyang.The creation of "Pyongyang time" drew criticism from Moon's conservative predecessor Park Geun-hye for further deepening the disparity between the two Koreas, whose division was sealed by the 1950-53 Korean War.The two countries have remained technically at war after the conflict ended with an armistice instead of a peace treaty. Moon and Kim on Friday vowed to seek a formal end to the war.North Korea is not the only country to have used a time zone to assert its national identity.China and India have both imposed single time zones to promote unity across their vast territories, with people in China's westernmost provinces keeping to Beijing time despite the sun rising two hours later than in the capital.Most time zones around the world are set on the hour, but some differ from Coordinated Universal Time (UTC) by 30 or even 45 minutes -- Myanmar's is half an hour behind its neighbour Thailand's, for example.Nepal, whose clocks run five hours and 45 minutes ahead of UTC, chose its unusual time zone after India's meridian was deemed too far west for the small Himalayan nation to anchor itself to, and the next one along too far east.So in 1956, Nepal decided to peg its standard time at Mount Gaurishankar, a peak east of the capital Kathmandu, putting it 15 minutes ahead of India -- a way to assert itself as a nation independent from its giant neighbour. And despite lying far to the west of Europe, mainland Spain has been in the same time zone as central Europe since 1942, when Francisco Franco's fascist government adopted it to be in line with Nazi Germany. NDTV Beeps - your daily newsletterAgence France-Presse

India's best-ever boxer Mary Kom said on Tuesday that she has no plans to retire and is determined to defy her critics by winning an elusive Olympic gold.Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday met and congratulated the medal winners at the Gold Coast Commonwealth Games . PM Modi also complimented those who could not win medals but had performed creditably. "Accomplishments in the sporting arena inspire everyone. Their sporting feats have raised India's stature. Whenever an Indian sportsperson wins on the global sporting stage, it is the Indian flag that rises," PM Modi said at the event held at his residence. India finished third with 66 medals (26 gold, 20 silver and 20 bronze).

The Prime Minister said the life of a sportsperson can span several decades. He cited the example of Mary Kom, who is winning gold medals even as an MP. He mentioned Pullela Gopichand, who is mentoring many badminton players after an immensely successful career as a player.

PM Modi said that besides talent, training, concentration and hard work, mental toughness was also important for sportspersons. In this context, he mentioned the benefits of yoga.

Minister of State for Youth Affairs and Sports Rajyavardhan Rathore was present at the event.Shubman Gill cracked an unbeaten 36-ball 57 while captain Dinesh Karthik bludgeoned a 18-ball 45 not out to guide Kolkata Knight Riders (KKR) to a six-wicket win over Chennai Super Kings (CSK) in an Indian Premier League (IPL) clash at the Eden Gardens.Rajasthan Royals (RR), the Indian Premier League (IPL) franchise making a comeback to the league after a gap of two years, were dealt a blow when their captain-elect Steve Smith was banned for a year by Cricket Australia for his involvement in the latest ball-tampering saga to hit the sport. The team that is based out of Jaipur, Rajasthan, regrouped in their moment of crisis and passed the baton to their experienced campaigner Ajinkya Rahane , while South Africa's Heinrich Klassen replaced Smith in the team.

Founded at the inception of the league, RR have the distinction of being the inaugural champions of the league when it was led by the mercurial Shane Warne in 2008. They were also the runners-up of the 2013 Champions League Twenty20 under the captaincy of Rahul Dravid.

However, the team was banned from the league in 2015 after they were convicted of match-fixing by Lodha Panel, which was a panel appointed by India's Supreme Court.

The re-emerging team made some extravagant buys in 2018 IPL auction as they bagged Ben Stokes for a whopping Rs. 12.5 crore, making him the costliest player at the auctions. They also bid Rs.11.5 crores for Jaydev Unadkat, making him the most expensive Indian player.

The Royals have always been hailed for backing young, obscure players and giving them a platform to express themselves.

The legendary Australian spinner Warne returns to the team this season as a mentor and he promises to hand the Royals a much-needed boost before and during the season.

The other support staff for the 2018 season includes Amol Muzumdar (batting coach), and Sairaj Bahutule (spin bowling coach).

Squad: Ajinkya Rahane, Ankit Sharma, Anureet Singh, Jofra Archer, Stuart Binny, Aryaman Birla, Jos Buttler, Dishmantha Chameera, Prashant Chopra, Shreyas Gopal, Krishnappa Gowtham, Dhawal Kulkarni, Ben Laughlin, Mahipal Lomror, Sudhesan Midhun, Sanju Samson, Jatin Saxena, D'Arcy Short, Ben Stokes, Rahul Tripathi, Jaydev Unadkat, Zahir KhanHuman Rights Watch asked UAE authorities to immediately confirm Sheikha Latifa's legal status. (File)

Human Rights Watch on Saturday urged Dubai authorities to reveal the whereabouts of a princess and daughter of the ruler, saying her case could constitute "enforced disappearance".In a March video, 32-year-old Sheikha Latifa bint Mohammed bin Rashid Al-Maktoum announced she was fleeing the emirate because of mistreatment and restrictions imposed by her family.She said she was the daughter of Dubai ruler Mohammed bin Rashed Al-Maktoum and an Algerian mother, Horriya Ahmed, and that she had tried to escape in previous years.But the following month a source close to the Dubai government said the runaway princess had been returned to the emirate "What I can confirm is they took her and she was brought back," the anonymous source told AFP by phone on April 17.In a statement on Saturday HRW said Dubai authorities must "reveal" her whereabouts and "clarify her legal status"."Failure to disclose the whereabouts and status of the princess could qualify as an enforced disappearance, given the evidence suggesting that she was last seen as UAE authorities were detaining her," the US-based rights group said.It cited a witness saying authorities in the United Arab Emirates had "intercepted Sheikha Latifa on March 4, 2018, as she tried to flee by sea to a third country, and returned her to the UAE"."Sheikha Latifa, who told friends that she wished to flee restrictions imposed by her family, has not been seen or heard from for two months," it said.That raised "serious concerns about her safety and well-being, two friends said," HRW added."UAE authorities should immediately reveal the whereabouts of Sheikha Latifa, confirm her status, and allow her contact with the outside world," said Sarah Leah Whitson, HRW's Middle East director on Saturday."If she is detained she needs to be given the rights all detainees should have, including being taken before an independent judge."Latifa's cause has been taken up by a UK-based group called Detained in Dubai.The group said Latifa tried to flee Dubai by ship, but the vessel was intercepted on March 4 less than 80 kilometres (50 miles) off the coast of India.It said a Finnish woman and friend of the princess was among foreigners on board.The source close to the Dubai government said last month that the Finnish woman and two French men, one with dual US citizenship, participated in the escape attempt and were wanted in Dubai on previous charges. "It is a domestic issue that transformed into a soap opera that transformed into a rampaging scheme to tarnish the reputation of Dubai and Sheikh Mohammed," the source said.India's most decorated wrestler Sushil Kumar made headlines for wrong reason. The wrestling trials for next year's Commonwealth Games turned into an unprecedented brawl after the double Olympic-medallist Sushil defeated Parveen Rana in one of the bouts, triggering a clash between their respective supporters. Things took an ugly turn when Rana, after losing to Sushil in the semi-final clash, claimed that Sushil's supporters beat him and his elder brother "for daring to take the ring" against him.Rohit Sharma and Krunal Pandya delivered in desperate times as Mumbai Indians stayed alive in the IPL with a tense six-wicket win over Kings XI Punjab on Friday. Captain Rohit (24* off 15) and Krunal (31* off 12) shared a match-winning 56-run stand off just 21 balls as Mumbai Indians reached the 175-run target in 19 overs.Chennai Super Kings (CSK) earned an easy victory against Royal Challengers Bangalore (RCB) in the Indian Premier League match on Saturday. But despite being on top, CSK skipper MS Dhoni has been critical of his team's fielding and bowling off-late. One such incident was seen in Saturday's match in the 20th over of the RCB's innings when South African fast bowler Lungi Ngidi, standing at short fine-leg, missed an easy run-out. Mohammad Siraj was almost half-way down the pitch when he slipped and fell flat on the wicket. Ngidi threw at the right end but his throw went over the bowler as Siraj got enough time to get back to the crease.

Ngidi gives Siraj a lifelinehttps://t.co/Yqcy47jSvE — Faizal Khan (@faizalkhanm9) May 5, 2018

CSK made a heavy weather of a small total before captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni did his famous finishing act to beat RCB by six wickets with two overs to spare and climb to the top of the Indian Premier League (IPL) table.

RCB, on the other hand, are virtually out of the race for the play-offs. They are currently on six points and have to win all their five remaining matches, which is a big ask for the off-colour unit.

CSK are sitting pretty with 14 points from 10 matches. They have won seven of those matches while losing three.

The Chennai team, which has a reputed batting line-up, were expected to acomplish the job quite easily. But the team put themselves under pressure in the slog overs before skipper Dhoni smashed three sixes off RCB's star spinner Yuzvendra Chahal to take his side across the line in the 18th over.Venus had to be content with the runners-up trophy as she was vying for her eighth Major title and first Australian Open crownRavindra Jadeja hasn't had a good run in the ongoing Indian Premier League (IPL) so far but such is his demeanour that he doesn't stay away from the headlines. The other day, he dropped two back-to-back catches at mid-off against Kolkata Knight Riders that proved crucial in the end as Sunil Narine went on to score 32 for his team. On Friday, Jadeja clean-bowled Royal Challengers Bangalore (RCB) captain Virat Kohli on the very first ball he bowled but decided not to celebrate the dismissal. After the wicket, Kohli gave him a nasty stare and Jadeja, who is known for wild celebrations, didn't react at all.

Twitter was quick to notice this and trolled Jadeja brutally for not celebrating, with Indian Premier League and ICC too joining in the fun.

No celebrations from Jadeja here as he gets the crucial wicket of the #RCB Skipper.#CSKvRCB pic.twitter.com/1U4KdKDrlv — IndianPremierLeague (@IPL) May 5, 2018

When you dismiss your national team captain ?? https://t.co/h7cnFiuw3c — ICC (@ICC) May 5, 2018

For Those Asking Why Didn't I Celebrate Virat Kohli's Wicket, Yes I Was Scared My Place In National Team Will Be Screwed. #CSKvRCB #CSKvsRCB #Jadeja #SirJadeja pic.twitter.com/S9AyvEDnrc — Sir Ravindra Jadeja (@SirJadeja) May 5, 2018

Letter postmatch :



Hi Virat ,



I have no intent to do this to you . If possible , please forgive me . And please consider me for selection .



Your faithfully

Jaddu #CSKvRCB #jadeja pic.twitter.com/S5qo50BRGn — PK (@restlessler) May 5, 2018

"It was my first ball and I was not ready to celebrate. Virat's wicket is always a huge wicket, I was thinking I got a good wicket," said Jadeja when asked about the incident.

CSK produced a magnificent bowling performance as they restricted RCB to a meagre 127/9 in 20 overs at the MCS stadium, Pune on Saturday afternoon. MS Dhoni winning the toss, put RCB to bat as the home team bowlers ran through the famed RCB batting line-up quickly to gain an upper hand in the game early. Brendon McCullum, Virat Kohli and AB de Villiers were dismissed cheaply while Parthiv Patel was the sole fighter who scored a brilliant 53. Chennai spinners -- Ravindra Jadeja and Harbhajan Singh -- shared five wickets between them as they spun a web around the visitors.

However, Tim Southee provided a final flourish in the dying moments of the game to help his team cross the three-figure back. Apart from this, he strung together a 34-run partnership in the end with Mohammed Siraj. For Chennai, Jadeja was the pick of the bowlers as he finished with the figures of 3/18 in his stipulated overs.Steve Smith, who is serving a 12-month ban for his involvement in the infamous ball-tampering scandal in South Africa, took to Instagram on Friday to post an emotional message for his fans. He also uploaded a picture with his fiancée Dani Willis and wrote, "It's great to be back home in Australia. I have had some time away to come to terms with everything and now it's time to get back into it. The amount of emails and letters I have received has been incredible and I have been extremely humbled by the enormous amount of support you have given me. I now have a lot to do to earn back your trust. To my Mum, Dad and Dani you have been my rock through this and I can't thank you enough. Family is the most important thing in the world and I thank you for your love and support."

The former Australian captain and vice-captain David Warner were both suspended for 12 months for their role in the ball tampering incident in Cape Town in March this year during the Test series against South Africa. Opening batsman Cameron Bancroft was also banned for nine months.

In the aftermath of the scandal, Smith was subjected to a lot of ridicule and was widely criticised as his team used unfair means to get an advantage over their opponents. The former Australia captain, addressing the media after returning from South Africa, had broken down while speaking about his family and the pain he must have caused them due to his involvement in the biggest scandal to hit the sport in a long time.

"To see the way my old man's been...it hurts. I just want to say I'm sorry for the pain that I've brought to Australia and the fans and the public, it's devastating and I'm truly sorry," a gutted Smith had said.

Smith, who was once being touted as the next Don Bradman, also faced humiliating scenes after the scandal rocked Australia as he had to face boos and cries of "cheat" while making his way through Johannesburg airport. The tainted cricketer was surrounded by many security officials who were seen holding Smith's arms.

Smith was charged with knowledge of a potential plan "to attempt to artificially alter the condition of the ball" but Warner was charged with developing the plan.

Both Smith and Warner were also banned from playing the Indian Premier League (IPL) 2018.

While Warner, who was the vice-captain of the Australian team, will not be considered ever for the leadership role of the national team, Smith and Cameron Bancroft would not be picked for captaincy until a minimum of 12 months after the end of their suspensions, Cricket Australia (CA) said in a statement.Namrata Shirodkar with her daughter in Paris. (Image courtesy: Instagram)

Highlights Namrata Shirodkar loves the streets and summer of Paris She shared several photos of her children Gautham and Sitara Mahesh Babu appears in a few pictures

A post shared by Namrata Shirodkar (@namratashirodkar) on May 4, 2018 at 1:54pm PDT

A post shared by Namrata Shirodkar (@namratashirodkar) on Apr 30, 2018 at 3:04am PDT

Mahesh Babu and wife Namrata Shirodkar along with their children Gautham and Sitara are on a vacation in Paris and their vacation album is made up of all things nice. Namarat Shirodkar has been documenting her family's best vacation moments of Instagram, which will give anyone fam-jam goals. In one of her latest pictures, Namrata Shirodkar features in a selfie with her daughter against the backdrop of the "monstrous Eiffel tower." She wrote: "Monstrous Eiffel stands tall behind us... Sunny Paris." Namrata Shirodkar is clearly in love with the Parisian streets and summer. Take a look at the photos Namrata Shirodkar shared on Instagram from Paris. Mahesh Babu is basking in the success of his latest film Bharat Ane Nenu which fared well at the box office.had collected over Rs. 100 crore worldwide in just two days. In, Mahesh Babu plays the role of a strong-willed and honest chief minister of Andhra Pradesh, who will go to any lengths to secure the future of his people.is directed by Koratala Siva and both the director and the lead star have expressed their desire to make a sequel. However, no formal announcement has been made about the sequel Mahesh Babu met Namrata Shirodkar on the sets of 2000 filmand they fell in love. After dating for almost five years, they got married in 2005, after which Namrata quit films. She was last seen in. Mahesh Babu and Namrata Shirodkar are parents to 12-year-old Gautham Krishna and 5-year-old Sitara.Hockey India on Friday named PR Sreejesh and Rani Rampal as captains of the senior men's and women's national teams, respectively, until the end of 2018. Sreejesh returns to the leadership role after it was handed over to Manpreet Singh following the star goalkeeper's anterior cruciate ligament injury that he suffered in his right knee at the 2017 Sultan Azlan Shah Cup. Rani, meanwhile, continues in her position . Sreejesh was initially appointed captain ahead of the 2016 FIH Champions Trophy where India won a historic silver medal. He took over the job from Sardar Singh and continued to hold it for the Rio Olympics.

Sreejesh returned to action at the four-nation invitational hockey tournament in New Zealand in January 2018 putting up a strong performance where India finished second.

It is for the first time in 12 years that India failed to win a single medal in hockey at Commonwealth Games when they competed in the recently-concluded games at Gold Coast in Australia and it is being reported that some senior players met top HI officials and presented their explanation.

Rani, meanwhile stepped up into the role of captain guiding India to an Asia Cup win. Under her leadership, the team climbed from 12th to the 10th position. Always leading from the front, Rani also led the team to make a semifinal appearance, first in 12 years, at the XXI Commonwealth Games 2018.

"Besides being exceptional players, both Sreejesh and Rani command great respect. The two have led the country with great enthusiasm and we believe using their experience, they will continue to do that in this all-important calendar year where both the team's have important tournaments like World Cup and Asian Games to play in. The idea behind announcing one captain for all events until the end of the year was to bring stability to the core of both the teams," said Mohd Mushtaque Ahmed, Secretary General, Hockey India.

There was no stopping the gold rush in wrestling as two more were added to the Indian tally by Vinesh Phogat (50kg) and Sumit (125kg) but Olympic bronze-medallist Sakshi Malik (62kg) had to be content with a third-place finish in the Commonwealth Games in Gold Coast on Saturday. Adding another bronze to the count was Somveer, in the 86kg category. India signed off their wrestling campaign at the Games with five gold, three silver and four bronze medals. The overall count was one less than the medals achieved in the 2014 edition of the Games but India kept their gold medal count at five, the number they achieved the last time. The weight categories of both Sakshi and Vinesh competed in a round-robin format as the number of competitors in the draw was less than six.

Sakshi went out of the gold medal contention in the first round itself after losses to Canada's Michelle Fazzari and Nigeria's Aminat Adeniyi following a win over Cameroon's Berthe Ngolle.

But she gathered herself after the setback to defeat New Zealand's Tayla Ford 6-5 in a close bout to avoid going without a medal. The heartbreak of missing the gold left her in tears during the medal ceremony.

"I am so disappointed, I should have won a gold medal and I have to settle for a bronze. It will be another four years before I can make this right. I could not get what I expected of myself," she told PTI, wiping away her tears.

"I had a bad second bout because I thought I was winning till the last few seconds but then I lost and it destroyed my composure, I could never recover from that," she said referring to her defeat at the hands of Canadian Michelle Fazzari. The final scoreline read 8-11.

Asked what's next for her in the calendar, Sakshi said, "Next for me is the Asian Games and I will prepare hard for it."

However, Vinesh continued her tremendous comeback to big-ticket wrestling. The 23-year-old, who had sustained a career-threatening injury during the Rio Olympics, was in complete control of proceedings from her first bout.

She ultimately did what her cousin Babita could not do and claimed a second successive gold medal at the Games. The Indian won two of her three bouts on technical superiority, raising to 10-point leads before her rivals could open their accounts.

Sumit, on the other hand, competed in three bouts but didn't have to fight it out in the gold medal bout after his Nigerian rival Sinivie Boltic pulled out citing an injury sustained earlier in the day.

Sumit found himself in slight controversy after his second-round rival -- Korey Jarvis of Canada -- accused him of biting his hand during the bout. Jarvis' hand was heavily bandaged after the bout and he accused Sumit of being responsible for it.

"I don't think it would've made me win but there was no need to poke me in the eye or bite me. It happens a lot with Indian guys. They poke a lot and they bite, but it's part of the sport," Jarvis said.

Sumit, however, denied the charge.

Later, in the last India bout of the day, Somveer ensured that it ended on a bright note as he clinched the 86kg category bronze.

Somveer rallied from a 1-3 deficit to defeat Canadian Alexander Moore in the play-off bout.

Earlier, double Olympic-medallist Sushil Kumar, Rahul Aware and Bajrang Punia had picked up gold medals for India on the first two days of the competition.The top court had also rebuked the centre for asking for more time to act on Cauvery. (File)

Highlights "Even if we want to release, we don't have water:" Karnataka minister Top court said Karnataka will "face consequences" if order was not obeyed Top court also rebuked centre for asking for more time to act on dispute

Reacting to the Supreme Court's warning on Cauvery river water sharing, Karnataka on Thursday said it was not in a position to release water to neighbouring Tamil Nadu. "Even if we want to release we don't have water. We have shortage," a Karnataka minister said.Asking Karnataka to release four TMC (thousand million cubic feet) of water to Tamil Nadu for May, the Supreme Court on Thursday warned the state to "be ready to release Cauvery water or face the consequences"."There is a total of nine tmc water in all the four reservoirs coming under the Cauvery basin. That 9 TMC water is not enough for our drinking needs and crops. We have shortage," Water Resources Minister MB Patil said In a video message shared with reporters he said: "In this circumstance we cannot obey today's Supreme Court's order, as we don't have water. We will inform the Supreme Court about availability of water currently and our needs."The top court had also rebuked the centre for asking for more time to act on Cauvery river sharing on grounds that P rime Minister Narendra Modi and ministers were busy with the May 12 Karnataka polls.Asking for 10 more days till the next hearing, the central government told the court on Thursday that "the PM and ministers are busy in Karnataka polls and can't approve the scheme for releasing water to Tamil Nadu, as directed."The court had directed the centre to inform it by next Tuesday what steps were taken to frame the scheme for monitoring the release of water to Tamil Nadu."You are supposed to frame the scheme," Chief Justice of India Dipak Misra told the centre's lawyer KK Venugopal sternly.The Attorney General replied that the draft for the scheme was "pending with the cabinet" as the "PM and ministers are in Karnataka."He also said Karnataka Chief Minister Siddaramaiah, wanted ministers to be involved in the scheme instead of experts. "We are not bothered about the polls. The scheme should have been framed by now. States have no role in this," replied the Chief Justice.Tamil Nadu accused the centre of "politicizing the issue" and worrying more about the elections in Karnataka. "Centre doesn't want to frame the scheme now. This is the end of cooperative federal politics. What do we tell the people of Tamil Nadu?" said the state.Earlier this month, the centre was reprimanded by the Supreme Court for ignoring its February order for a regulatory body that would monitor the release of Cauvery water to Tamil Nadu by Karnataka. The judges suggested that the centre was acting in guile. "The centre knows what the scheme means," the judge said.Karnataka Assembly Election: PM Narendra Modi attacked the Congress over "poor governance" in state

Highlights Congress has alleged JDS-BJP "understanding" for Karnataka polls JDS denied deal with BJP but PM earlier spoke of "respect" for Deve Gowda But today he said, Congress will align with JDS after elections

Rebutting the Congress's allegations that former PM Deve Gowda's Janata Dal Secular is the Bharatiya Janata Party's Team B , Prime Minister Narendra Modi today said, "It is the Congress that is secretly working with them and the two will align after the elections.""Poll surveys, political pundits...everyone is saying the JDS cannot defeat Congress. They cannot form government on their own. If anyone can change the government in Karnataka, it is the BJP," PM Modi told the huge crowd in Tumakuru district.Alleging that "the JDS was protecting the Congress", PM Modi said, Congress and JDS have a "secret understanding".In March, Rahul Gandhi accused Mr Gowda of being a proxy - "the B-team" - for the BJP and urged voters to spurn the JDS.PM Modi's attack on JDS and the Congress comes just days after he praised Deve Gowda as a "veteran leader" and rebuked Rahul Gandhi for his offensive remarks on the JDS chief. "Rahul ji you disrespect Deve Gowda even though you are a novice and he is a veteran," PM Modi had said at one of his election rallies.His generous praise for HD Deve Gowda was seen as PM Modi's plan B to have an arrangement with the JDS, which according to many will decide whether the Congress retains the southern state - or loses it to the BJP.Mr Gowda, however, has clarified that he will not allow any alliance with the BJP. In a warning to his son, the JDS chief said that he will "disown" his son HD Kumaraswamy if he decides to align with the BJP.Stressing that his party would form the government on his own, Mr Gowda said "if not given mandate will sit in opposition." The Congress and Mr Gowda too have a heavily scratched record. In 2005, Mr Siddaramaiah, then considered Mr Gowda's protege, exited the JDS after the senior leader moved his son, HD Kumaraswamy, to pole position. Mr Kumaraswamy would go on to bring down Karnataka's first coalition government - the JDS and the Congress - and became Chief Minister.Opinion polls claim that voting on May 12 could conclude with no party getting a simple majority - and Mr Gowda's JDS could be the decision-maker.Horvath was exhausted heading into the second round while Vijender landed his punches perfectly. A right from the Indian caught the Hungarian boxer on the left shoulder, forcing him onto his knees.Sanjeev Rajput won the gold medal in the men's 50m rifle 3 positions event with a games record at the 21st Commonwealth Games on Saturday, swelling the Indian shooting team's tally in the mega event. The 37-year-old Rajput shot 454.5 to bag the top prize after topping the qualification stage with 1180 points at the Belmont Shooting Centre. Chain Singh, the other Indian shooter in the fray, finished fifth with 419.1.

In the qualification, Rajput scored 391 in kneeling, 399 in prone and 390 in standing, while Chain Singh, who was placed second, shot 389 398 and 379 for a cumulative score of 1166 .

In prone Rajput shot three 100s and a 99.

Canada's Grzegorz Sych clinched the silver medal with 448.4, while Dean Bale of England bagged the bronze with 441.2.

Rajput has previously won a silver in the same event at the 2014 Glasgow Games and was a bronze medal winner in the 2006 edition of the Games held in Melbourne.

This is first gold medal in CWG and third overall in these Games.FIFA U-17 World Cup: Valiant India Go Down 0-3 Against USA

India displayed a spirited performance in their opening game of the FIFA U-17 World Cup as they went down fighting to a formidable USA.A file photo of Sridevi juxtaposed with Janhvi's picture. (Image courtesy: janhvi_fanclub)

Highlights Boney Kapoor, Janhvi and Khushi collected Sridevi's award Janhvi and Khushi wore Manisha Malhotra outfits Janhvi is her mom's reflection, says the Internet

Like mother like daughter #sridevi #janhvikapoor A post shared by Janhvi_fanclub (@janhvi_fanclub) on May 3, 2018 at 6:10pm PDT

Janhvi Kapoor had all eyes on her as she attended the 65th National Film Awards in New Delhi to collect her late mother Sridevi's Best Actress prize with her father Boney Kapoor and sister Khushi. Janhvi looked elegant in a pink and white, which was originally worn by her Sridevi at actor Ram Charan's wedding in 2013. Designer Manish Malhotra on Thursday disclosed that Janhvi wore Sridevi's saree for "this emotional and precious moment." Fan clubs juxtaposed Sridevi's photo from 2013 with Janhvi's yesterday picture to prove Janhvi is truly Sridevi's reflection. Janhvi wore thewith minor changes. While Sridevi wore it with a sleeveless blouse and added a necklace and matching earnings, Janhvi wore a cropped sleeves blouse with simples as her only accessory.Manish Malhotra posted this on Thursday:At the award ceremony held in Delhi's Vigyan Bhawan, Khushi also wore a Manish Malhotra outfit comprising a raw silkwithborder paired with a contrastandSridevi won the Best Actress National Award posthumously for her role in. After the event, Boney Kapoor said: "It is a very proud moment for all us. At the same time, a sad moment. We wish she was here with us. She truly deserves it and she has been around for almost 50 years and done almost 300 films (was her 300th film). She has always given her best to all her films. Finally, unfortunately after she has left, that she has been awarded with this honour," reports news agency IANS. Sridevi died by accidently drowning in the bathtub of a Dubai hotel on February 22.(With inputs from IANS)Gnocchi is an Italian pasta dish made with potato, spinach, parmesan and ricotta cheese. Famous throughout the world, gnocchi is easy to make and can be served with a wide variety of sauces. Watch Chef Prem Kumar, Executive Chef at The Imperial, New Delhi, as he prepares this ultimate Italian dish from scratch.Leading Indian golf professionals Smriti Mehra and Gaurav Ghei have hailed Aditi Ashok's victory in the Indian Open, a Ladies European Tour event, terming it as a game-changer for women's golf in India. Mehra, who was the first Indian to qualify for the LPGA Tour, said Aditi is a mature individual and will go a long way in the sport, while Ghei called her a role model for Indian golfers.India's star shuttler Kidambi Srikanth on Thursday climbed to the third spot in the latest rankings released by the Badminton World Federation (BWF). Srikanth , who took silver in the men's singles category at the Commonwealth Games in Australia last month, climbed a couple of spots from the fifth place. Fellow Indian HS Prannoy also rose two rungs to take the eighth spot. Viktor Axelsen of Denmark is at the top spot followed by South Korean Son Wan Ho. Srikanth is currently on 74,135 points while Son has 74,670. Axelsen has a sizeable lead at the top with 77,570 points. In the women singles section, Indian star PV Sindhu continues to hold on to the third spot. The 2016 Rio Olympics silver medallist had lost to compatriot Saina Nehwal in the women's singles final at the Commonwealth Games.

Saina has climbed two spots to enter the top 10. The Hyderabad-based London Olympics bronze medallist is currently at the 10th position with 55,890 points.

Tai Tzu Ying of Chinese Taipei leads the women's singles standings while Japan's Akane Yamaguchi is at the second spot.

(With IANS Inputs)The Suzuki GSX-S750 is targeted at riders looking to upgrade from smaller bikes to a first 100 bhp-plus performance naked. It's priced competitively at Rs 7.45 lakh (ex-showroom), and we spend a few laps at the Buddh International Circuit to see what it offers.Indian hockey saw another change in the coaching staff with women's hockey coach Harendra Singh on Tuesday being named chief coach of the Indian men's team. Harendra has taken over from 44-year-old Dutchman Sjoerd Marijne, who returns to his job as the Chief Coach of the women's team. Harendra, who led the Indian Junior Men's Hockey team to the Junior World Cup title in 2016, was appointed as the Chief Coach of the women's team in September 2017 and saw his team finish at the fourth position at the recently concluded 2018 Commonwealth Games in Gold Coast. His most important contribution was leading the Women's team to the 9th Women's Asia Cup title in Japan last year.

"Harendra Singh brings with himself wealth of experience and has previously managed a lot of the Men's team players during his stints in the Hockey India League and with the Junior teams. While, Marijne's first stint with the Women's team was a very successful one and we are sure he will continue to do well with this team as he has done in the past," said Mohd Mushtaque Ahmed, Secretary General, Hockey India.

"It is an honour for me to now manage the Indian Men's Hockey team. It has been a very satisfying journey with the Indian Women's Hockey team and I would like to thank Hockey India for entrusting me with the new role as we prepare ourselves for a very important season ahead," Harendra said.

The men's team under the coaching of Marijne finished fifth in the 2018 Commonwealth Games, returning without a medal from the Games for the first time since 2006.

"I'm excited to reunite with the Women's team and will look to focus building on the good form exhibited by the team in last six months as we look forward to the Vitality Women's Hockey World Cup 2018," Marijne said.Agence France-Presse

The German, who leads the defending four-time champion by nine points after three races this season, clocked a best lap in one minute and 41.498 seconds to sweep to the prime starting spot.Sprint legend Usain Bolt on Thursday accused fellow Jamaican Yohan Blake of "panicking" in the Commonwealth Games 100 meters final - and can't wait to tease him about it. The eight-time Olympic champion, who retired from the sport last year after almost a decade of freakish dominance, had warned Blake not to bother returning to the Caribbean if he failed to win the Gold Coast title. And after Blake stumbled out of the blocks on Monday to finish third in a 100m final won by South Africa's Akani Simbine, Bolt confirmed that he would be having words with his former Jamaica team-mate about his choke. "I haven't seen him, I haven't texted him," said Bolt, who is in Australia in an ambassadorial role.

"I'm waiting until I go the village and actually see him because I'm definitely going to make fun of him and stuff like that -- that's definitely going to be a good conversation!"

"It was a little bit shocking Blake didn't win," added the 100 and 200m world record holder, who arrived on the Gold Coast on Wednesday and headed straight for a local nightclub where he partied until the early hours.

"I think Blake stumbled a little bit but probably panicked -- that's always one of the toughest things.

"When you stumble, the worst thing you can do is panic and I think that's what set him back. It's one of those things and now it's just about bouncing back."

On a serious note, Bolt promised to talk to Blake about the pressures of becoming Jamaica's main man in his absence.

- Jamaican wounds -

"We haven't really talked about it, but I think he understands because we've competed against each other," said the 11-time world champion.

"He understands the pressure. I will bring it up when I see him -- but I will make fun of him first."

South Africa claimed an upset one-two finish in the men's 100m final with Henricho Bruintjies taking silver, rubbing salt into Jamaican wounds in the first major competition since Bolt retired from the sport.

"One of my friends called me and said 'the South Africans are the kings of sprint' and what can I say -- they really showed up," said Bolt, after showing off his football skills with some 'keepy-uppy' by the beach.

"South African athletes have shown they're ready for the world and as Jamaicans, we have to keep our eyes open."

Despite Simbine's shock victory, Bolt's world record of 9.58 seconds - set at the 2009 world championships in Berlin - never looked threatened, the South African winning in 10.03.

Bolt though believes it's only a matter of time before someone comes along and beats it.

"Records are meant to be broken," said the 31-year-old. "Although hopefully, it won't be any time soon.

"In time some young person will come along. If they have the same work ethic, talent, and want it as much as I wanted it, the possibility is there."Delhi Daredevils finish on a high in the end despite that wobble in the death overs. 17 came off the final over which takes Delhi to 163/5. They were 125/2 at 15 overs, going great guns with Iyer and Pant in the middle. But a mixture of brain-fade and terrific execution of slower balls and yorkers by SRH bowlers choked the run-flow. Young Shaw flickered away, giving the much needed boost at the top with his second fifty of the season. What a comeback by SRH, their bowlers are just so good at the fag end of the innings. It's a must-win game for DD, let's see if their bowlers can restrict the SRH batting. Delhi Daredevils's IPL 2018 season is hanging by a thread and all of their remaining matches are pretty much a must-win if they are to qualify for the playoffs. Delhi managed to win their previous game against Rajasthan Royals but will be up against a completely different challenge when they take on table-toppers SunRisers Hyderabad on Saturday night at the Rajiv Gandhi International Stadium in Hyderabad. SRH are the in-form team and boast of arguably the best bowling attack in the tournament. Delhi have improved since Gautam Gambhir stepped down as captain but they still are far from a settled unit and will hope everything comes together perfectly in Hyderabad. Young Prithvi Shaw , skipper Shreyas Iyer and Rishabh Pant are mainly spearheading the batting unit but the Delhi outfit would also want its foreign recruits, Colin Munro and Glenn Maxwell, to fire and if that happens they would definitely give any bowling side reasons to worry. ( Play Fantasy Cricket & Win Lakhs everyday! )

But unfortunately that has not been the case this season and with just five matches left, it's high time for Munro and Maxwell come good to keep Delhi's hopes alive. Among the bowlers, Trent Boult has been among wickets for Daredevils, claiming 13 scalps so far. He has been impressive in death overs too. The likes of young Avesh Khan, Liam Plunkett and spinner Shahbaz Nadeem, though, need to do more. SRH, on the other hand, are sitting pretty at the top with 12 points from eight games. The Sunrisers' journey has been a fairytale one so far this season with their bowling unit turning out to be a revelation by defending low scores. The Hyderabad side boasts of probably the best bowling attack in the ongoing IPL, comprising Siddharth Kaul, Rashid Khan, Sandeep Sharma, Basil Thampi besides all-rounders Shakib Al Hasan, Mohammed Nabi and Yusuf Pathan. (LIVE SCORECARD)

IPL 2018 Live updates of SunRisers Hyderabad vs Delhi Daredevils match, straight from Rajiv Gandhi International Stadium, Hyderabad

23:17 IST: WICKET! Manish Pandey c Prithvi Shaw b Plunkett 21(17)

After 16 overs, SRH are 125/2

23:11 IST: SunRisers Hyderabad get 23 off the last two overs. They need 39 runs in 24 balls, 8 wickets remain.

After 15 overs, SRH are 115/2

23:03 IST: Finally a good over for SunRisers Hyderabad. Manish Pandey hit back-to-back FOURS as Dan Christian's over goes for 13 runs.

After 14 overs, SRH are 102/2

22:58 IST: 100 up for SunRisers Hyderabad in the 14th over.

Amit Mishra in IPL 2018: vs KXIP: 8-0-79-0 and vs rest: 14-1-84-6

After 13 overs, SRH are 96/2

22:53 IST: Amit Mishra finished 19/2 in his 4 overs.

After 11 overs, SRH are 86/2

22:45 IST: Flighted on the middle, Dhawan tried to slog sweep. The ball crashed into middle stump.

22:43 IST: WICKET! Shikhar Dhawan b Mishra 33(30)

After 10 overs, SRH are 82/1

22:38 IST: SunRisers Hyderabad need 82 runs in 60 balls

After 9 overs, SRH are 76/1

22:34 IST: What a beauty! Good length on leg stump, spun across Alex Hales' body as he tried to defend. The ball crashed into off stump.

22:30 IST: WICKET! Alex Hales b Mishra 45(31)

After 6 overs, SRH are 61/0

22:18 IST: 50 up for SunRisers Hyderabad in the 6th over. Shikhar Dhawan and Alex Hales are on fire. Hales hits Avesh Khan for 3 SIXES. 27 runs off it.

After 5 overs, SRH are 34/0

22:15 IST: SunRisers Hyderabad openers Shikhar Dhawan and Alex Hales are well-set now.

After 4 overs, SRH are 23/0

21:58 IST: Excellent over from Glenn Maxwell, just 4 runs off it.

After 2 overs, SRH are 10/0

21:58 IST: Glenn Maxwell drops Alex Hales. This might cost Delhi Daredevils.

After 1 over, SRH are 2/0

21:54 IST: Excellent first over from Trent Boult, just 2 runs off it

21:51 IST: Alex Hales and Shikhar Dhawan walk out to begin SunRisers Hyderabad's chase of 164. Trent Boult opens the attack for Delhi Daredevils.

Delhi Daredevils post 163/5 in 20 overs.

After 19 overs, DD are 146/5

21:29 IST: This is exceptional stuff from SunRisers Hyderabad. Delhi Daredevils have not scored a boundary in last 3 overs. Last over to go.

After 17 overs, DD are 135/5

21:21 IST: Excellent over from Rashid Khan. Two wickets off it. SRH are once again validating that they are the best bowling unit in the tournament.

21:20 IST: WICKET! Pant lbw b Rashid Khan 18(19)

21:16 IST: WICKET! Naman Ojha run out (Rashid Khan) 1(4)

After 16 overs, DD are 133/3

21:10 IST: It was full on the pads and Iyer flicked it straight to Shikhar Dhawan at deep mid-wicket.

21:07 IST: WICKET! Shreyas Iyer c Dhawan b S Kaul 44(36)

After 15 overs, DD are 125/2

21:05 IST: 5 overs to go and Delhi Daredevils will be looking to accelerate their scoring rate now.

After 12 overs, DD are 101/2

20:52 IST: 100 up for Delhi Daredevils in the 11th over.

After 11 overs, DD are 98/2

20:43 IST: Shaw looked to play a sweep from outside off, but it took the top edge as the short third man grabbed it.

20:42 IST: WICKET! Prithvi Shaw c S Kaul b Rashid Khan 65(36)

After 9 overs, DD are 89/1

20:37 IST: Delhi Daredevils skipper and their best performer this season, Shreyas Iyer is now getting into his grove, Hits Shakib for a FOUR and a SIX. 14 runs off the over.

After 8 overs, DD are 75/1

20:32 IST: Delhi Daredevils are nicely placed and just like the previous three games, they're off to a flier. Get 9 runs off Rashid Khan's first over.

After 7 overs, DD are 66/1

20:28 IST: 50 up for Prithvi Shaw, second in IPL 2018. In the last game, he was dismissed on 47.

After 6 overs, DD are 60/1

20:25 IST: 50 up for Delhi Daredevils in the 6th over. Prithvi Shaw hits Siddarth Kaul for a SIX and three FOURs. 20 runs from the over.

After 5 overs, DD are 40/1

20:20 IST: Now Shreyas Iyer seems to get going. Hits Bhuvneshwar Kumar for a FOUR.

After 4 overs, DD are 34/1

20:16 IST: Prithvi Shaw looks in excellent touch, hits Sandeep Sharma's knuckleball for a FOUR.

After 3 overs, DD are 25/1

20:12 IST: Good over for Delhi after that unfortunate dismissal. 10 runs off it.

After 2 overs, DD are 15/1

20:08 IST: Unlucky for Maxwell. It was full on middle stump and Shaw drove it straight to the bowler. The bowler managed to get fingertips to it as it went onto the stumps. Maxwell was inches short of the ground.

20:06 IST: WICKET! Glenn Maxwell run out (Sandeep Sharma) 2(3)

20:04 IST: First SIX of the match comes off Prithvi Shaw's bat. On a length outside off, Shaw sent it over the long-on.

After 1 over, DD are 2/0

20:02 IST: Excellent 1st over by Bhuvneshwar Kumar, just 2 runs off it.

20:00 IST: Prithvi Shaw and Glenn Maxwell open the batting for Delhi. Bhuvneshwar will open the attack for Hyderabad.

Delhi Daredevils (Playing XI): Prithvi Shaw, Naman Ojha, Shreyas Iyer(c), Rishabh Pant(w), Glenn Maxwell, Vijay Shankar, Daniel Christian, Liam Plunkett, Amit Mishra, Avesh Khan, Trent Boult

SunRisers Hyderabad (Playing XI): Alex Hales, Shikhar Dhawan, Kane Williamson(c), Manish Pandey, Shakib Al Hasan, Yusuf Pathan, Wriddhiman Saha(w), Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Rashid Khan, Siddarth Kaul, Sandeep Sharma

19:30 IST: Delhi Daredevils captain Shreyas Iyer opts to bat against SunRisers Hyderabad

The bowling attack earned kudos when they successfully prevented rivals from chasing down even low totals in recent matches. In their last game here, SRH bundled out formidable Kings XI Punjab for just 119 in 19.2 overs while defending a target of 132. In another instance, on April 29, while defending a modest target of 152 the Hyderabad bowlers halted Rajasthan Royals' chase at 140 in 20 overs. The most heartening thing about SRH's bowling show is that the produced the brilliant performances despite missing the services of its star bowler Bhuvneshwar Kumar in the last few matches owing to a back injury. But captain Kane Williamson expects Bhuvneshwar to be fir for tomorrow's game. Though the team lost its regular captain David Warner in the wake of the infamous ball-tampering row, its new skipper Williamson has stepped up and consistently delivered the goods for the side. While Williamson emerged as the batting mainstay, SRH would hope its other batsmen, including Manish Pandey, Wriddhiman Saha, Deepak Hooda and Yusuf Pathan, also deliver in the remaining games. SRH head coach Tom Moody said having done the tough work, the team is now focussed to finish on a good note. "Business end of the tournament is where we want to be playing our best cricket. We feel we can still improve in all three departments," Moody said here yesterday.

Squads:

Sunrisers Hyderabad: Kane Williamson (Captain), Shikhar Dhawan, Manish Pandey, Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Wriddhiman Saha, Siddharth Kaul, Deepak Hooda, Khaleel Ahmed, Sandeep Sharma, Yusuf Pathan, Shreevats Goswami, Ricky Bhui, Basil Thampi, T Natarajan, Sachin Baby, Bipul Sharma, Mehdi Hasan, Tanmay Agarwal, Alex Hales, Carlos Brathwaite, Rashid Khan, Shakib Al Hasan, Mohammad Nabi and Chris Jordan.

Delhi Daredevils: Shreyas Iyer (Captain), Rishabh Pant, Glenn Maxwell, Gautam Gambhir, Jason Roy, Colin Munro, Mohammed Shami, Amit Mishra, Prithvi Shaw, Rahul Tewatia, Vijay Shankar, Harshal Patel, Avesh Khan, Shahbaz Nadeem, Daniel Christian, Jayant Yadav, Gurkeerat Singh Mann, Trent Boult, Manjot Kalra, Abhishek Sharma, Sandeep Lamichhane, Naman Ojha, Sayan Ghosh, Liam Plunkett, Junior Dala.

When will the SunRisers Hyderabad vs Delhi Daredevils match be played?

The SunRisers Hyderabad vs Delhi Daredevils match will be played on May 5, 2018.

Where will the SunRisers Hyderabad vs Delhi Daredevils match be played?

The SunRisers Hyderabad vs Delhi Daredevils match will be played at the Rajiv Gandhi International Cricket Stadium, Hyderabad.

How do I watch the SunRisers Hyderabad vs Delhi Daredevils match live?

The SunRisers Hyderabad vs Delhi Daredevils match will be telecast live by the Star Network.

What time the SunRisers Hyderabad vs Delhi Daredevils match start?

The live telecast of the SunRisers Hyderabad vs Delhi Daredevils match will begin at 8 pm IST.

Where can you follow the SunRisers Hyderabad vs Delhi Daredevils match online?

The SunRisers Hyderabad vs Delhi Daredevils match will be streamed live on Hotstar. For live updates, you can follow sports.ndtv.com.Till recently an emerging table-tennis star, Manika Batra has turned into an overnight sensation after her impressive run in the just-concluded Commonwealth Games , where she bagged medals in all four events on offer, including an unprecedented gold in the women's singles and team championship. Despite earning accolades for her recent feats in Gold Coast, Manika still feels she has room for improvement , especially on her fitness. "Well, I would need to work more on my fitness as the sport is very fast and it is required to beat the top players. I need to be a little fitter and need to be faster than what I am right now," Manika told IANS in an interview on return from the Gold Coast.

The 22-year-old upset triple Olympic medallist and World No 4 Feng Tianwei of Singapore to lead the Indian women's team to a historic gold before beating Singapore's second highest ranked Mengyu Yu in the women's singles semi-finals, on her way to another gold.

When asked about her mindset before taking on higher-ranked opponents, Manika said she doesn't focus too much on her rivals' rankings.

"I do not think much about the opponent's ranking when I face them as I believe I have my techniques in right place. But having said that I am really happy and satisfied to have beaten her (Feng) twice," she said.

"I had to change my game in both the matches and made little adjustments which helped me beat her. I knew I could win and stayed focused and stuck to my strategy," the world No.48 added.

Manika also hoped that with her recent feat, she can replicate the success of the likes of shuttle queens Saina Nehwal and PV Sindhu in popularising table tennis in the country.

She said that because of many good players in the country, TT can become as popular as badminton in the country, she said.

"It is a wonderful feeling to have won so many medals in such a huge event and to have made the country proud. I was confident about my chances but never thought that I would win so many medals so, yeah, I am very happy about my achievements, she said adding that it was "surreal feeling and I hope to continue my good work."

Asked about her future goals, Manika said: "I am going for the World Team Championships in Sweden from April 29. My goal obviously will be do well and keep winning medals for the country."

Manika also credited the Ultimate Table Tennis (UTT) tournament for the exposure and for helping her shape her career.

"The league obviously has helped a lot, especially the Indian players. We got the chance to play and train with the higher-ranked players which has helped us to learn a thing or two," she said.

"Personally speaking, I had played and beaten higher ranked players last year which obviously gave me a lot of confidence. I am happy that it is happening again and I am really looking forward to it," she added.Chennai Super Kings are virtually through to the Indian Premier League play-offs after a comprehensive six-wicket victory over Royal Challengers Bangalore, courtesy a superb bowling effort from the spin duo of Ravindra Jadeja and Harbhajan Singh. Jadeja (3/18 in 4 overs) and Harbahajan (2/22 in 4 overs) wreaked havoc as RCB could only manage 127/9, largely due to efforts from Parthiv Patel (53 off 41 balls) and Tim Southee (36 off 26 balls).

On a tricky pitch, Mahendra Singh Dhoni (31 no off 23 balls) picked up Yuzvendra Chahal for some special treatment with three huge sixes as CSK knocked off the required runs in only 18 overs to move to 14 points from 10 games. Another win in the next four matches will guarantee CSK a spot as 16 points has always been a cut-off for play-off qualification.

RCB's sloppy fielding also contributed to their downfall. At 80 for 4 in the 13th over, CSK were in a spot of bother but Parthiv as usual was shoddy behind the stumps, dropping Dwayne Bravo (14 off 17 balls) off Murugan Ashwin. Ashwin was also unlucky when Chahal dropped Bravo at deep extra cover as the all-rounder along with his skipper added 48 runs for the unbroken fifth wicket stand.

For Virat Kohli, it is turning out to be yet another disappointing season as RCB once again stare at an imminent exit with only three wins from nine games. Earlier, Jadeja and Harbhajan choked the run flow in the middle overs apart from snaring wickets at regular intervals to peg back RCB. In all, CSK bowled 54 dot balls (equivalent to 9 overs), which also proved to be a key factor.

While it was a collective bowling effort by CSK, Jadeja and Harbhajan conceded only 40 runs between them with prize scalps of Kohli and AB de Villiers in their kitty. Jadeja got rid of the Indian captain with an armer which breached Kohli's defence. The ball skidded through the two-paced surface where batting exactly was not easy. In the very next over, de Villiers was stumped trying to reverse-sweep Harbhajan and RCB never recovered from the twin blows.

Parthiv did score a half-century but the dismal show of the other batsmen hurt them dearly. Save Parthiv and Southee who ensured a 120-run plus total for the visiting team, none of the other batsmen could even reach double digits.

With the ball not coming onto the bat, both Jadeja and Harbhajan also bowled slower through the air to make life more difficult for the batsmen. New ball bowlers Lungi Ngidi (1/24 in 4 overs) and IPL debutant David Willey (1/24 in 4 overs) also used their variations to good effect. Ngidi bowled a lot of slow cutters.

Parthiv hit five boundaries and two sixes but he was guilty of not being able to rotate the strike as he time and again failed to read Ngidi's slower ones.

He finally gave a return catch to Jadeja as he was not able to check his stroke. Mandeep Singh on the other hand tried to sweep and gave a catch in the deep.

Tottering at 89 for 8, it was Southee who took it upon himself, adding 38 runs for the ninth wicket with Mohammed Siraj, whose contribution was a mere three runs.Justice Shahrukh J Kathawalla was back in the courtroom this morning to finish pending work

Highlights Justice Shahrukh J Kathawalla heard pleas in court till 3.30 am He was back in his chambers today morning to finish pending work Two weeks ago, he heard matters in his chambers till midnight

While most judges in the Bombay High Court tried to wrap up the pending matters and urgent hearings by 5 pm on Friday, the last working day before the summer break, one judge sat in his court until the early hours today, hearing pleas that sought urgent interim reliefs.Justice Shahrukh J Kathawalla sat in a packed courtroom till 3.30 am, hearing arguments and passing orders on petitions."The courtroom was packed with senior counsels, lawyers and litigants, whose matters were being heard. There were over 100 civil petitions that had sought urgent interim reliefs," a senior counsel, who was present in the court till the judge rose from his seat, said.While this is the first time Justice Kathawalla sat in the court till so late, two weeks ago, he had heard matters in his chamber till midnight."Justice Kathawalla, even at that hour (3.30 am), was as fresh as one would be in the morning. My matter was one of the last ones to be heard. Even then the judge heard our arguments patiently and passed orders," another senior counsel, Praveen Samdani, said. Justice Kathawalla often begins the court proceedings at 10 am, an hour earlier than the other judges, and hears matters beyond 5 pm, when the court shuts for the day.A staff member of the courtroom said despite hearing the matters till so late, the judge was back in his chambers this morning to finish pending work.Vijender seemed to be looking for a knockout blow from the very beginning even though Kerry was the more attacking of the twoHighlights Broccoli's nutrition boasts of an amazing number of nutrients

The advice is to have one serving of broccoli at least 4-5 times a week

Broccoli became a must have veggie

Water 89.30gm Energy 34Kcal Fibre 2.6gm Vitamin C 89.2mg Folate 63µg Vitamin A 623 IU Vitamin K 101.6µg

Broccoli is the edible flowering head of a green plant that derived its name from the Italian plural broccolo- flowering crest of cabbage . Its history dates back to the 6th Century BC, and is the outcome of careful breeding of Brassica crops in northern Mediterranean region. A valuable food in the Roman Empire, it was taken to England in the mid-18th century and reached the USA along with the southern Italian immigrants. Broccoli belongs to the group of cruciferous vegetables, which derive their name from their four petal flowers that resemble a cross-hence crucifer.Broccoli started off as an exotic vegetable but as its nutritional value unfolded before the world, it became a must have. Broccoli's nutrition boasts of an amazing number of nutrients, each important for our wellbeing and health.

Broccoli Nutrition: Health Benefits Of This Wonder Veggie

The fibre lends to early satiety and it nutritional profile prevents nutrient deficiencies.

Looking at the amount of calories broccoli brings to your plate, it is a natural choice for people counting calories. The fibre lends to early satiety and it nutritional profile prevents nutrient deficiencies. In a study published in September 22 PLOS Medicine, researchers found that soybeans Brussels sprouts , broccoli, and leafy greens were the wonder vegetables that assisted weight loss the best among all vegetables. This study followed 118,000 people for 24 years!



Anti-Cancer : Broccoli belongs to the family of cruciferous vegetables which are being studied extensively for their cancer prevention properties. Crucifers contain glucosionates -the sulphur containing compounds that give them their signature aroma and pungent taste. On cooking, chewing and during digestion these are broken down into active compounds like indoles, nitriles, thiocyanates, and isothiocyanates. Indole-3-carbinol and sulforaphane are the most researched compounds for their anti-cancer effects and the results have been positive all the time. The studies have shown a positive correlation between cancer prevention and active compounds of crucifers for many organs like prostrate, lung, colorectal and breast. Lab studies have shown that these compounds:

Help protect cells from DNA damage.

Help inactivate carcinogens.

Have antiviral and antibacterial effects.

Have anti-inflammatory effects.

Induce cell death.

Inhibit tumor blood vessel formation and tumor cell migration, preventing the spread of the disease.

Broccoli belongs to the family of cruciferous vegetables

Sulforaphane, an isothiocyanate is the primary anti-inflammatory compound present in broccoli. It is present in abundance only on the heading version of the vegetable. It works through various anti-inflammatory mechanisms in our body.

Kaempferol and quercetin, phytonutrients present in Broccoli have well established anti-inflammatory properties. Their intake from plants have been shown to have a positive effect on prevention against heart diseases, and diabetes.

Vitamin C is one of the most important antioxidant systems of our body and broccoli is abundantly rich in it. Studies have pointed towards the protective role of vitamin C in heart diseases and diseases with inflammatory components like gout.

Carotenoids, lutein, zeaxanthin, and beta-carotene function as antioxidants in our body. Regular intake of broccoli helps increase their levels in our blood.

The advice is to have one serving of broccoli at least 4-5 times a week

Broccoli is an excellent food for diabetics

Normal intake of crucifers has no detrimental effect on the thyroid

The advice is to have one serving of broccoli at least 4-5 times a week.While inflammation is a normal immune response of our body against injury, infection or any kind of stress, it is detrimental to our well-being when present for long periods of time. Chronic inflammation is a risk factor for heart diseases, cancer, and diabetes. Broccoli's vitamins, minerals and phytonutrients together make it a potent anti-inflammatory package.Broccoli has a GI of 15, which is very low. It provides very little calories and is a source of fibre, all of which make it an excellent food for diabetics. One of the major areas of concern among diabetics is the damage caused to blood vessels. In a lab study published in the journal "Diabetes" in 2008, a team of researchers found that sulforaphanes in broccoli protect against this type of cell damage. In another lab study, researchers at the University of Gothenburg in Sweden found that sulforaphanes reduced production of glucose in liver cells. While research will continue, there is no doubt that broccoli's nutritional value adds a lot of health to a diabetic's daily food.Broccoli, like other cruciferous vegetables, is a source of goitrogens which may disrupt the production of thyroid hormones and interfere with iodine uptake for the same. However, evidence has shown that normal intake of crucifers has no detrimental effect on the thyroid. If you do have a thyroid issue, stick to cooked broccoli and don't eat it in the meal closest to your medication.Today India is the second largest producer of broccoli in the world. Include this wonder veggie in your daily diet and reap its benefits.Indo-Asian News Service

Robin Uthappa, who has been around since the inception of the IPL in 2008, said the game has changed a lot since the first year and has become more "power-oriented".Arnold Palmer's first tour win (in his rookie season) was the 1955 Canadian Open. (All images from AP and AFP)"It is a goodwill gesture for my Hindu brothers," said the bride's father.

Sending a message of communal harmony, a Muslim family got special wedding cards printed for their daughter's wedding to invite their Hindu guests.The family, belonging to Uttar Pradesh's Baghsarai village, got two sets of cards printed separately for the Hindu and Muslim guests.Mohammad Salim's daughter Jahana Bano married Yusuf Mohammad on April 29. His son Azad told PTI, "Around 250 to 300 cards were printed for the Muslim guests in traditional Islamic style, while 130 to 140 cards were printed for the Hindu guests in the shape of a calendar (scroll) with the pictures of gods and goddesses."The invitation card meant for Hindu guest had pictures of Ram and Sita and auspicious Hindu symbols like "kalash" (pitcher), "diya" (earthen lamp), banana leaves and a "pooja thali" (plate) with coconut, flowers and fruits printed on it."It was the idea of the entire family...we have friends among the Muslims as well as the Hindus," Azad said."There was no objection to the special cards either from our relatives and friends or the groom's family," he added.To a question on whether the family would follow the practice in the future, Azad said, "There is nothing wrong in it...it's only a gesture, welcoming them..." Mohammad Salim said he would be happy if this gesture helped bridge the gap between Hindus and Muslims."It is a goodwill gesture for my Hindu brothers. If we show respect to their gods, they will definitely show respect to the Muslim community," he added.Sreejesh has been one of the pillars of Indian team over the past few years and his promotion as the skipper is simply a reward for his service to the national team.Amid controversies around data abuse through its social network, Facebook has now added expanded its app's use cases by enabling an option for mobile recharges in India. The new option is initially available within the latest Facebook app for Android devices. However, users with an iPhone need to wait for sometime to get a similar experience. The latest development emerges days after Facebook-owned WhatsApp started letting users make peer-to-peer (P2P) payments in the country and counters apps such as Paytm, FreeCharge, and MobiKwik that all offer mobile recharge solutions. You need to visit Google Play to download the latest Facebook app to get the new mobile recharge option.

To access the new option, go to the hamburger icon that sits next to the notifications icon and then tap the Mobile Recharge option. On some versions, the option is available titled Mobile Top-Up. If it's not available on the general screen, you can check the availability of the recharge option by tapping the See More option.

Once you've accessed the mobile recharge option, the Facebook app will show you a welcome screen that will specify all the credit and debit cards that you've already added to your Facebook account if you ever purchased any ads in the past. Now, you'll just need to tap Recharge Now button from the welcome screen and then you'll be asked to enter your mobile phone details. The app automatically selects the operator of the entered number most of the times. But if it's not selecting by its own, you can choose your operator manually by tapping the Select Operator dropdown list. After that, you need to enter a recharge amount. It is worth noting here that the app also has a feature to provide you with all the available packs for your mobile number. You just need to tap Browse Plans button that is available next to amount textbox to view packs for your number.

After selecting a particular pack or entering a recharge amount, the Facebook app takes you to the Order Details page from where you can select any of the previously added credit or debit card or add a new one by selecting the Credit or Debit Card option. Now, there is a Place Order button that you need to press to proceed with the recharge process. The app will ask for an OTP or 3D secure password to accomplish the recharge. Lastly, the app will send you a confirmation receipt after it completes the recharge process.

It is worth noting here that the Facebook app is currently accepting payments for mobile recharges only through credit and debit cards. This means you won't be able to recharge your account using net banking, UPI, or any other payments methods. The app also doesn't allow you to integrate any of your mobile wallets. This certainly makes sense as Facebook is apparently aiming to take on existing mobile wallets by adding new payment features to its platform.Karnataka Assembly Election: Rahul Gandhi attacked PM Modi for his choice of party candidates

Highlights Rahul Gandhi attacks BJP on its choice of candidates for Karnataka polls Accuses PM of not walking the talk on cracking down on corruption Questions silence on cases against BS Yeddyurappa, other leaders

Congress president Rahul Gandhi today tweeted a stinging attack at Prime Minister Narendra Modi for his party's choice of candidates in Karnataka, particularly the BJP's chief ministerial face BS Yeddyurappa, the Reddy brothers and their associates.The tweet, accompanied by a video that the Congress chief says "plays like an episode of 'Karnataka's Most Wanted'", is seen as an effort to corner the BJP leadership that accuses Chief Minister Siddaramaiah of corruption."You talk a lot. Problem is, your actions don't match your words. Here's a primer on your candidate selection in Karnataka," Mr Gandhi, 47, said in his tweet minutes before PM Modi was to land in Karnataka for another day of election campaigning.The 80-second video took a swipe at PM Modi for his continued silence on criminal cases that the BJP's presumptive chief minister faces, election tickets to two Reddy brothers and six others perceived to be close to them and other candidates facing criminal charges.There was a post script."You can refer to a paper for answers," he taunted, a response to PM Modi challenging him to speak for 15 minutes on achievements of the Karnataka government without the help of notes.Mr Gandhi's tweet is part of the Congress strategy to build its offensive against the BJP around the Reddy brothers. They represent a chunk of corruption allegations that mushroomed during the BJP government led by BS Yeddyurappa.The Reddy brothers - lawmakers and ministers during the earlier BJP government in the state -- have been accused of conducting largescale illegal mining across the iron-ore-rich district of Ballari.Two of them - G Somashekhara Reddy and G Karunakara Reddy - have been given party tickets. Over the past week, PM Modi also had shared stage with Somashekhara Reddy in Ballari who was earlier accused of bribing a judge in the cash-for bail case that involved their third brother Janardhan Reddy.The third brother wasn't given a ticket and BJP president Amit Shah had initially claimed that the BJP had nothing to do with Janardhan Reddy. After NDTV reported how Janardhan Reddy was campaigning for the BJP, the party's state chief BS Yeddyurappa conceded that the party was using Janardhan Reddy. The BJP's central leadership, which presumably approved the move, has been silent despite numerous Congress demands for an explanation.Campaigning in Karnataka this week, Rahul Gandhi had gone back to the blockbuster "Sholay" that was shot in the rocky terrain of Ramanagara 60 km from Bengaluru. During the Gujarat elections, he had expanded GST, the acronym for the national sales tax, into "Gabbar Singh Tax", christening it after one of India's biggest fictional villains. In Karnataka, Mr Gandhi went one step ahead. "The BJP is playing 'Sholay' movie in Karnataka with a 'Gabbar Singh' gang featuring the scam-tainted jailbirds of his party as Kalia and Samba," he said.Elections in Karnataka will be held on May 12 with counting on May 15.Table Tennis Federation of India president PC Chaturvedi promised prompt action after a female player and a male coach from Chhattisgarh were suspended when CCTV footage showed them jostling in their hotel corridor. The incident happened during the 76th National Cadet and Sub-Junior Championship, where Chaturvedi was present. He insisted no one had come forward to complain. However, the president has promised an internal investigation and added there would be a police inquiry into the incident.Triple Olympic champion Stephanie Rice will support India in the ICC Champions Trophy apart from her home country Australia. "I have to say India because I love the country so much. I know Australia and India have a huge rivalry," Rice told NDTV when asked which other country she would support in the tournament apart from Australia. Though the swimming champion has never tried her hand at cricket, the Beijing Games triple gold medallist feels rivalries are healthy for sport. "Sometimes people take it too far but at the same time when you're competing against someone better than you, it only drives you to be better than them. That rivalry and competitiveness is important for the sport to grow and get better. That's why you see in almost every Olympics World Records get broken," Rice added."During a crush of photographers as the awards podium at the World Cup event in Italy, a media member with a shoulder-mounted video camera pushed and surged toward the stage, turned and hit Tiger Woods in the mouth," Mark Steinberg of Excel Sports said in an email. "Woods' tooth was knocked out by the incident."Indian athletes won 5 medals in the 2017 edition of the Deaflympics in Turkey. The athletes returned last month on July 31 and then protested at the airport for almost half day as no one from the Sports Ministry or the Sports Authority of India was present to welcome and honour them. 25 days later, nothing has changed as the athletes continue to protest with the authorities not having responded as yet.Rajghat village in Dholpur have not seen a marriage since 22 years.

After a long wait of 22 years, a baraat or wedding procession left a village in Rajasthan last week. Pawan, the groom, could not afford a horse for the wedding procession but his face was lit up as if etching history. Villagers' joy knew no bounds as they welcomed a new bride after 1996.

The village, however, paints a grim picture. There is no power, road connectivity or water in Rajghat village in Dholpur. This, despite a district headquarters close by. All the marriage proposals from the men of this village are turned down, and they were forced to live as bachelors.

"As there are no basic facilities here, no marriages take place here. Villagers are seeing a marriage after 22 years," said the groom's relatives.

The village only has kaccha houses.

Reeling under extreme poverty, the village of 300 people has 40 kaccha houses. In the name of development, there is only one primary school and a handpump with saline water.

The women in the village cannot read or write.

Of the 125 women who live in this village, only two could write their name correctly. These women have not seen a TV or fridge in their lives.

(WIith Inputs From ANI)



As per the girl's complaint, the person told her she was not supposed to smoke being a woman. (File)

An FIR was lodged against an unidentified person for allegedly sexually assaulting a 23-year-old student of Jadavpur University.The girl alleged that the person had sexually and physically assaulted her while she was inside an auto-rickshaw yesterday in Baghajatin area in Kolkata under Netaji Nagar Police station limits.As per the girl's complaint, the person had verbally accused her and grabbed the cigarette she was smoking and told her she was not supposed to smoke being a woman. The girl also alleged that the man forcibly entered the auto which she and her two friends were in. She also said that the man had molested her and was beaten up when she protested."We have received a complaint and are looking into the matter. No one has been arrested so far," police said.Sports Minister Rajyavardhan Singh Rathore on Monday said that he will not hesitate to sack his officials if they delay sanction of incentives for athletes but also warned against false accusations. Speaking at a felicitation function for the Commonwealth Games medal winners, Rathore said there was no dearth of money in Indian sports but the funds will have to be used for justified purposes by both the athletes as well as the federations.

"The officials in sports ministry and Sports Authority of India have been tasked to attend to your requirements and resolve your issues at the earliest. At any point in time if I hear that sportspersons are having issues in getting these incentives and funds there are few heads that will roll," the minister said.

"But before you (athlete) make any accusation, please be very sure that there was an error on our part and not on your part. There was this case that came to me, an athlete was complaining that he or she was not getting the incentive money. I was about to suspend one of my officers but later found out that the money was allotted to that athlete one year ago," he said.

India won 66 medals (26 gold, 20 silver, 20 bronze) in the Gold Coast CWG. In total 70 athletes won medals, counting the mixed team and doubles events in some disciplines. Rathore gave away the financial incentives to the medal winners in the presence of Indian Olympic Association President Narinder Batra.

Most of the top athletes, including MC Mary Kom, Sushil Kumar, Saina Nehwal, P V Sindhu, Mirabai Chanu, Neeraj Kumar, Manu Bhaker, Anish Bhanwala and Jitu Rai turned up. The likes of Manika Batra and Heena Sidhu did not come because of their prior engagements.

The individual gold winners received Rs 30 lakh each while the silver and bronze medallists got Rs 20 lakh and Rs 10 lakh respectively. All the medal winners of team events got varying amount of money in different disciplines.

Rathore also said the functioning of the IOA and the National Sports Federations has improved but the funds allocated to them by the ministry should be properly spent.

"I am getting a very positive sense from Mr. Batra. He is already changing things within the IOA. The way IOA used to function that is not going to happen. Similarly some of the NSF heads are brilliant and they are doing a very good job.

"We will work in close coordination with them (IOA and NSFs). But each NSF or the their coaches need to justify with logic that every penny being spent is being used to its optimum.

"There is no dearth of resources in India and we are ready to open our finances for the use of the athletes but these spendings will have to by justified," Rathore, an Olympic silver medallist shooter, said.

The minister said strong performance by the Indian athletes at international events also reflects the soft power status of the country.

"When the National Flag is unfurled and the National Anthem is sung anywhere in the world (in a sports event), every Indian feels proud and it also shows the soft power status of the country.

"I have always said the Indians have tremendous potential to do well at the international stage even in strength-based disciplines. I don't agree with the concept that Indians are good at only skill-based games. I want to ensure that you get every facility that is required to be provided to you," said Rathore.

Earlier in the morning the, the medal winners interacted with Prime Minister Narendra Modi at his official residence. They also interacted with President Ram Nath Kovind later in the day.Legendary Indian boxer M C Mary Kom, who is also a sitting Rajya Sabha MP, said the alarming increase in the number of rapes in the country has left her feeling "hurt and helpless" while star shuttler Saina Nehwal condemned the "ghastly crimes". After the 2012 Nirbhaya case, the Kathua and Unnao rape cases have shook the nation, triggering widespread outrage.

An eight-year-old girl was raped and murdered in Jammu and Kashmir's Kathua district while BJP MLA Kuldeep Singh Sengar has been arrested on allegations of raping a minor in Unnao district in Uttar Pradesh.

The Unnao victim's father died in police custody even as Sengar has claimed to be innocent.

"Whatever the government is doing, it will take a correct step. They know better than me. It hurts me, makes me very emotional being a woman (that 8 year-olds are raped). As an Indian I feel sad. I feel helpless," Mary Kom told a TV channel after returning to country from Gold Coast, where she won a historic gold medal at the Commonwealth Games.

The Unnao case came to light when the victim tried to immolate herself outside Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath's residence.

Meanwhile, badminton star Saina Nehwal, who won women's singles gold at the CWG, also posted a anger-laden tweet.

"I am deeply grieved to feel the atrocities on the girls and women in India by assaulting and brutally ending the priceless lives by few mindless creatures in our beautiful country. I condemn the ghastly crimes, which should b stopped at once," Saina wrote on her twitter page.

A few days ago, India's other sportspersons such as cricketer Gautam Gambhir, tennis star Sania Mirza and badminton player Jwala Gutta had expressed anguish on the disturbing trend.

Indian consciousness was raped in Unnao and then in Kathua. It's now being murdered in corridors of our stinking systems. Come on Mr System', show us if you have the balls to punish the perpetrators, I challenge you. #KathuaMurderCase #UnnaoRapeCase, Gambhir had written on his Twitter handle.

Sania, retweeting a New York Times story on the Kathua case, wrote on her Twitter handle: Is this really the kind of country we we want to be known as to the world today ?? If we can't stand up now for this 8 year old girl regardless of our gender,caste,colour or religion then we don't stand for anything in this world.. not even humanity.. makes me sick to the stomach (sic).

Jwala was also scathing in her attack of the society we have become.

We as country have become the greatest audience in the world. We r not able to stand for an 8 yr old girl who was tortured for days n raped!!how does it matter what religion she belongs to? If we don't stand up now..when will we?? I am sick to my stomach right now, she had tweeted.WhatsApp Payments is now rolling out in India in beta for select Android smartphones as well as iPhones, bringing yet another digital payment option to the country. The new WhatsApp payments feature is pretty convenient, and potentially has a huge user base in the country because of the app's immense popularity. Moreover, since it is based on UPI, the money will go straight to your bank account, eliminating the need of mobile wallets and other similar financial instruments. Not sure how WhatsApp payments work? Here’s everything you need to know to get started.

How to get WhatsApp Payments right now

Like we said earlier, the WhatsApp payments feature is rolling out to select users in India right now. First, make sure you are running the latest version of the app - as of filing this report, that’s v2.18.41 on Android and iPhone v2.18.22. Open any WhatsApp chat and see if you see the new Payments sub-head under Settings. If you do, great, you now have access to WhatsApp’s UPI-based payments feature. If not, you have no other option but to wait.

How to add bank accounts for WhatsApp Payments

Here’s how you can add your bank account to WhatsApp and get started with the payments feature:

Go to Settings -> Payments inside WhatsApp. In the Bank Accounts sub-head, select the Add New Account option. Tap Accept and Continue if you agree with the terms. Tap the Verify via SMS and follow the prompts to send an SMS to start the linking process. On the next screen, select the bank whose account you want to add. If you have an account (or multiple accounts) linked with the number that you just sent the SMS from, you will be presented with your account (or accounts) from that bank. If everything goes smoothly, you will see the UPI Setup Complete screen.

You can repeat these steps to add multiple bank accounts to WhatsApp. If you have multiple accounts added, you can designate one of them as the primary account (by default the account you added first).

How to send money via WhatsApp Payments

You must remember that the WhatsApp payment feature works only if the recipient has setup their bank account within WhatsApp - send this guide to your friends and family to help them get started! You can also send money to individual group members in a group chat, provided they have enabled the Payment option. Moreover, you cannot pay money to verified business accounts (such as BookMyShow or MakeMyTrip) because the service is only peer-to-peer (i.e. person to person).

Here’s how to send your first (and subsequent) payments via WhatsApp:

Open the chat of the WhatsApp contact to whom you want to send money. On Android, tap the Attach button. If you are on iPhone, select the Plus button. To send money, just tap on Payment, and enter the amount you want to send. You can also add a note to the message if you want. To authorise the payment, just enter the UPI PIN of the bank account from which you are trying to send money. Once the money is sent, the amount (and the text note, if any) will show as a message as part of the conversation.

The WhatsApp Payments option can be found under Attachments in chats

As you can see above, the process is quite simple and takes only a few taps to complete. If you want to switch between accounts, you just need to tap on the bank account while sending money and you will see the list of linked accounts to switch between.

WhatsApp will maintain a log of all your transactions - the money you sent and the money you received - using the Payments option under Settings. To check the log, just go to Settings, tap on Payments and select the View History option.

This is WhatsApp's first attempt on the digital payments front, which has been dominated by Paytm in India. The Facebook-owned app has not officially announced this feature yet, and kept it in beta mode so far, meaning only a small segment of its more than 200 million users can access it presently. Google's Tez, Paytm's Inbox, and the numerous UPI services managed by banks themselves have made it pretty easy to transfer money to one another.

Disclosure: Paytm's parent company One97 is an investor in Gadgets 360.​Kylie Jenner, 20, gave birth to her baby girl, Stormi, on February 1. Three months later, Kylie is busy celebrating Stormi and her boyfriend's - singer and rapper Travis Scott - birthday in a tropical locale away from the glaring eyes of the paparazzi. Kylie's holiday with her new family seems perfect, but what is even more perfect is Kylie's post-pregnancy body. If you ask us, three months after having given birth, Kylie already has the body most of us aspire to have and start working for months before a beach vacation. Kylie Jenner has never been one to chase a size 0, but she most certainly has always propagated a healthy looking body. In other words, you can tell she works out.



At the age of 20, Kylie Jenner has already built herself an empire that is hard to compete with, admirable and rather enviable. So perhaps we should just assume that she is the exception to a lot of rules. But if we're being honest, there's more than just her empire that we're jealous of - and that list definitely includes her post-baby body.



Here's a picture Kylie shared on Instagram yesterday. The beach, her body and that swimsuit - we're putting all three on our summer bucket list.



A post shared by Kylie (@kyliejenner) on May 2, 2018 at 7:43am PDT

A post shared by Kylie (@kyliejenner) on May 2, 2018 at 7:48am PDT

How adorable does the new mom look posing with her baby? We love that they're in matching outfits.

A post shared by Kylie (@kyliejenner) on May 2, 2018 at 10:01am PDT

Back to Kylie's body. Look at her in that black bodycon dress. Way to show off that body, girl.

A post shared by Kylie (@kyliejenner) on May 1, 2018 at 12:59pm PDT

Raise your hands if you're with us when we say that pulling off this grey bodycon dress is no joke. Hard to imagine Kylie Jenner just had a baby like a minute ago.

A post shared by Kylie (@kyliejenner) on Apr 24, 2018 at 3:08pm PDT

Note to self: look like this while taking future baby on a stroll.

A post shared by Kylie (@kyliejenner) on Apr 12, 2018 at 5:22pm PDT

Is this even fair? Where are your stretch marks, Kylie? Where? Show them to us. Make us feel better.

A post shared by Kylie (@kyliejenner) on Apr 20, 2018 at 10:15am PDT

Other than being a fabulously gorgeous mom with the most perfect body in the world, Kylie Jenner is also the youngest person to make the Forbes Celebrity 100 Earnings list and ranked at number 59. She has the reality TV show Keeping Up With The Kardashians, her makeup brand Kylie Cosmetics, and other endorsements to thank for that.Bolt was in complete control right from the start as Gatlin failed to keep up.Hamilton, starting from pole position, attacked championship leader Rosberg, at Turn Two and drove into him. Rosberg forced Hamilton off the track, but the Briton rejoined, and pulled clear to win. Rosberg suffered a damaged front wing and finished fourth.No Doubt Manchester City Will Win The League, Says Actor Ranveer Singh

A hardcore Arsenal supporter, Actor Ranveer Singh says that there is no doubt that Manchester City will win the English Premier league title. He credits Citizens' success to their Manager Pep Guardiola.01

Source: Photo: Varinder Chawla

On Wednesday, Kareena Kapoor and Taimur were spotted at the play school which the baby nawab attends.01

Source: Photo: Varinder Chawla

Several celebrities were spotted in the arrivals section of the Mumbai airport on Friday, many of whom we'll surely spot at Sonam Kapoor's wedding on May 8.



Sonam's uncle Boney Kapoor and cousin Janhvi returned from Delhi, where they went to collect Sridevi's Best Actress National Award.01

Source: Photo: Varinder Chawla

Taimur had a busy Thursday. While his parents Kareena Kapoor and Saif Ali Khan were busy with their respective work commitments, Taimur enjoyed the first few hours of the day at his play school.Indian golfer Aditi Ashok scripted history on Sunday as she became the first Indian woman to win a Ladies European Tour title by clinching the Hero Women's Indian Open here. The 18-year-old shot an even par-72 in the final round to win the title.India shot putter, Manpreet Kaur, who recently won gold at the Asian Athletics Championships in Bhubaneswar, tested positive for a stimulant called dimethylbutylamine on Wednesday. National Anti Doping Agency's Director General Navin Agarwal, in an exclusive interview to NDTV, said that since the stimulant comes under an unspecified category of the World Anti Doping Agency or WADA, the athlete will be able to compete in the World Championships in August. However, she will have to appear for a hearing of the anti doping body in India. And if Manpreet fails to prove her innocence, she could lose her Asian Athletics Championship gold.Atletico Madrid coach Diego Simeone will be forced to watch the Europa League final against Marseille from the stands after receiving a four-match European ban for insulting a referee, UEFA said on Friday. Simeone was ordered from the touchline during last week's 1-1 draw in the first leg of their semi-final with Arsenal after a heated exchange with French referee Clement Turpin. The Argentine watched Thursday's 1-0 home win in the return leg, which secured a 2-1 aggregate victory and a place in the final, from the directors' box at the Wanda Metropolitano.

Simeone will now also miss the May 16 final in Lyon and his side's first two European matches of next season, while he was hit with a fine of 10,000 euros (USD 12,000).

UEFA's disciplinary committee also charged Marseille after away supporters set off fireworks and threw objects during the second leg of their semi-final at Salzburg.

Austria's Salzburg risk punishment themselves following a pitch invasion by fans and the throwing of objects, as well as a charge of improper conduct levied against club official Harald Lurzer.

Marseille won the tie 3-2 on aggregate despite losing the second leg 1-2 after extra time.

A decision on the cases will be made on May 31.Mirabai Chanu on Thursday became the first Indian in over two decades to claim a gold medal at the World Weightlifting Championship in Anaheim, USA, exorcising the ghosts of her forgettable outing at the Rio Olympics. Seeing the tricolour from the podium, tears of joy rolled down her cheeks, as Chanu picked up a rare honour for an Indian at the marquee event. "I cried a lot after the win and seeing the Indian flag going high, I got very emotional," she said in an exclusive chat with NDTV. She also thanked fans for all the support and said that she will try not to make the same mistakes again that she made in 2016 Rio Olympics.Tainted former Australian Vice Captain David Warner said on Saturday he has "learned a valuable lesson" after the ball-tampering scandal in South Africa in March. Speaking for the first time since his emotional press conference in Sydney more than a month ago, Warner told NT News: "Sometimes with our society, something has to happen for the worst for people to come out and show a lot of support and I think I've learned a valuable lesson in this myself for the support I have been given to be on the front foot to help others."

Warner was attending a cricket clinic with children here.

Accused of being the chief architect behind the ball tampering incident, Warner was banned from playing international and domestic cricket for a year along with former skipper Steve Smith.

Cameron Bancroft, who rubbed sandpaper on the red ball in Cape Town in that third Test, was suspended for nine months.

"I think the biggest thing for us has been when you are in a routine, you can get caught in a bubble -- cricket, hotels, packing your bags, coming home. I've missed that part until now where the kids run up to the gate saying, 'Mummy and daddy are here', and I am really enjoying and embracing that," Warner said.

Warner and Smith were also axed from the Indian Premier League (IPL) where they were appointed captains of Sunrisers Hyderabad and Rajasthan Royals respectively.

Smith had also thanked people publicly for their support on Friday, saying "I now have a lot to do to earn back your trust."

(With IANS inputs)New Delhi: “I was blessed with a baby boy in late 2013, and like any new parent, I was relying a lot on disposable diapers. In one day, I was using 5-6 diapers and simply throwing in the trash bin. The worrisome part was – diapers are made from plastic, a non-biodegradable item and it takes 100 of years to decompose. So, by the time my son is fully grown up, the waste he has generated can still be found on the planet. And, with this thought, I began my ‘Superbottoms’ journey,” says Mumbai-based entrepreneur Pallavi Utagi, who launched a brand of eco-friendly, reusable cloth diapers – SuperBottoms in 2015 with a promise of keeping the baby healthy and the environment happy. Till date, Pallavi has successfully sold 50,000 diapers that can be reused for upto 3 years and can easily be washed at home. With this alternative, the waste warrior has saved approximately 5 lakhs diapers from going into India’s overstretched landfills.

Also Read: Make Way For Mumbai’s First Plastic-Free Society Where 175 Families Have Pledge To Opt For Eco-Friendly Alternatives

Story Of The Great Cloth Diaper Change

Sharing her journey with NDTV, Pallavi, who is an MBA from Jamnalal Bajaj Institute of Management Studies and has a background in the pharma industry, adds,

“To decrease my carbon footprint, initially I thought of using eco-friendly alternatives like a cloth nappy. Soon, I realised there are zero options available in India. I figured few of the international brands that were selling greener alternatives, but, one it was very expensive, secondly, the nappies were not completely suited for Indian babies. That’s when I realised the scope of doing something in this line.”

Pallavi gave one year for her product research and finally came up with her own label of cloth diapers – Superbottoms in December 2015.

Also Read: Heard Of Jewellery From Waste Items? These Two Women Innovators From Bengaluru Are Doing Just That

“From our own experience, we knew what features are needed to make a cloth diaper. But, we needed help in finalising the fabrics that would create our dream cloth diaper. We reached out to many textile consultants and experts, but, couldn’t zero down on supplies we wanted. Finally, I travelled to China to try out different fabrics. Luckily, got the materials there, I got a few samples made from that material. Tried those diapers on my son and finally took the plunge to launch my own label,” said Pallavi.

Superbottoms diapers consist of layers of organic cotton and coated with a dry-feel protective soaker that is made from microfibers as well as bamboo and hemp. It comes in newborn and free sizes at a cost of Rs 599 that goes upto Rs 899.

The unique selling point of this product is that it comes in colourful patterns that make it seem like any other item of clothing. The designs of the diapers are made with the help of various freelance designers – mostly moms.

I thought of making these diapers as functional apparel, as many parents prefer to leave their children in diapers at home. Having bright and happy colours makes it seem like any other item of clothing, adds Pallavi.

Currently, Superbottoms products are available online and are being sold at online stores like Amazon and Flipkart.

Our motive is simple – to provide people with a healthy and green alternative and save the planet. Hope, more and more people get aware about this green change, this is the need of the hour – we need to do this switch, otherwise, we all will drown in our own waste, signs of Pallavi.

Also Read: Waste To World Record: Kochi’s Vijitha Retheesh Sets A Guinness World Record For Turning Paper Waste Into Dolls01

Source: Photo: Varinder Chawla

On Friday evening, Sonam Kapoor was spotted with her husband-to-be Anand Ahuja in Bandra.New Delhi: It is celebration time for the newest state of India, Telangana, as number of road accidents and road accident deaths and injuries witnessed a decline in 2017 for the first time since 2014, when the state was formed. A dip of one and a half per cent in road accidents may seem marginal but given that the state so far had only seen increase in the instances of road accidents, the decrease witnessed in 2017 is being seen as an achievement for transport department of Telangana. In its first year as a state, Telangana saw 20,078 road accidents, which went up to 21,252 in 2015, a growth of 5.84 per cent. In 2016, the number of accidents went up to 22,811 another rise of 7.33 per cent. In terms of deaths caused due to accidents, 2014 witnessed nearly 7,000 (6,906) deaths which crossed the 7000 mark (7,110) in 2015 and further went up to 7,219 in 2016.

With a population of over 3.5 crore people, managing traffic and road accidents can get a tad difficult, but with a few preventive measures, regular awareness and enforcement programmes, the state managed to bring down the number of road accidents by 1.47 per cent to 22,475 and the number of road accidents deaths came down by 8.64 per cent to below 7,000 mark to 6,595.

Speaking to NDTV, Joint Transport Commissioner, C. Ramesh, explained the reason behind the decline in road fatalities. He said,

The combination of awareness programmes, regular enforcement of law has worked well in our favour. Engineering measures are being taken by the engineering department, which has also helped in the reduction of road accidents and road fatalities.

As per the information provided by the state transport department, a total of 168 black spots were identified, 25 on National Highways, further the National Highways Authority of India identified 44 black spots and 94 on the State Roads. Out of all this, 75 have been rectified.

Talking about the future plans, C. Ramesh said,

Just like the central government, our aim is also to reduce road accidents by 50 per cent by the year 2020. The target is big, it looks like unachievable, but we have taken the challenge and we are aiming for that.

Hyderabad, the capital city of Telangana has also witnessed a sharp decline in both road accidents and deaths. While in 2016, 405 people lost their lives in 2,535 road accidents, in 2017 the number of deaths came down by 23 percent to 311 and road accidents were down to 2,367 a drop of 6.62 percent.

Apart from on ground awareness pogrammes, we used mass media for the campaign. We have made five animated short films which are being shown in different cinema halls in the state. Apart from this, social media is also being exploited said, C. Ramesh.

On April 27, Hyderabad Traffic Police also released a couple of short films to drive home the message of road safety. Through short films, the department gave twist to a simple message of following basic road safety rules like wear a helmet and follow traffic signals. The Hyderabad Traffic Police’s twitter handle is full of witty tweets, riddles, and interesting videos which are being received well by the netizens.

Also Read: Fun And Firm: Hyderabad Police’s Road Safety Online Classes Are Going ViralEven though Anil Kapoor is making news these days because of daughter Sonam Kapoor's wedding, this time it is his 'wax statue' that has grabbed headlines for him. It's Sonam's wedding and even the wax statue cannot keep calm. Have a look.

Of the many hats that the feisty and vivacious Anil Kapoor dons - ‘father of the bride’ is the most recent. And trust us, as exemplary as his reel life roles - he has left no stone unturned in being extraordinary at this one as well.







A rather amusing development in the wedding brouhaha is the revamping of Anil Kapoor’s wax statue - to make it ‘occasion appropriate’, a heart touching gesture by Madame Tussauds - Delhi. The ceremonial pink turban sitting on his head and two dholis beating the dhol on either sides, smiling at Mr Kapoor makes him look all set for the occasion. Here it is -

A post shared by Filmy Chutzpah (@filmy_chutzpah) on May 3, 2018 at 10:07am PDT

Reports of wife Sunita Kapoor and daughter Rhea Kapoor being actively involved in the wedding preparations along with cousins - Jahnvi Kapoor, Shanaya Kapoor and Anil Kapoor himself who would be performing at the sangeet ceremony have been doing the rounds.

The mounting excitement about the wedding of the year has all fan pages smeared with the wedding updates - from the venue details to the wedding e-invite, everything is out now. According to NDTV, the ‘Anand Karaj’ ceremony will take place at Sunita Kapoor’s sister’s bungalow. The Mehendi ceremony will also take place in Mumbai.

Jahnvi will pay a tribute to mother Sridevi, who passed away in February this year, by way of a performance on her songs. Anil Kapoor will allegedly perform on his own songs from the movies Ram Lakhan and Dil Dhadakne Do. Arjun Kapoor and Shanaya Kapoor will perform on Abhi toh party shuru hui hai and possibly on songs from Sonam’s upcoming film Veere Di Wedding.

Farah Khan who claimed to have been in charge of choreographing Sonam’s sangeet (as she said at a dance reality show), has fractured her foot in an unfortunate incident. We hope she is able to take charge at the fashionista’s sangeet.

Well, the countdown has begun for the ‘wedding of the year’. Can’t wait to lay eyes on the bride on her big day.

Also read - This Is How Virat Wished Anushka On her Birthday

Also read - Check Out The Wedding Gifts That Milind Soman And Ankita Konwar Received

Also read - Anupam Kher Captures Sonam's cute Reaction When He Congratulates HerMumbai:

Palpreet Singh, the winner of India's first national basketball talent search programme, has signed the NBA Development League contract.

The 21-year old will now become eligible for selection in the NBA D League Draft, which will be held in October.

The hoopster, who has been training at the New York Athletic Club with coach Ross Burn in Manhattan, said he has trained hard and is confident of getting picked by a D League team in the draft.

"I am happy with the efforts I have put in and I will continue to work hard and make the most of this opportunity because not many get such a chance."

Palpreet, who had impressed NBA champion Brian Shaw in the national finals of ACG NBA Jump held in the last week of February, was part of the national tryouts held on August 14, 2016 in New York.

Over 200 pro basketball hopefuls exhibited their talent in front of NBA D-League player personnel executives, coaches, and industry scouts that day.

Palpreet sounded confident despite knowing he had competed against over 200 other NBA aspirants. "The competition is tough but it is great to know you are competing with the best to play in the best league in the world."

Palpreet Singh was discovered as part of an NBA talent search in India.



Rangers on Friday unveiled former England and Liverpool midfielder Steven Gerrard as their new manager after they called a press conference at their Ibrox ground. According to reports, a three-year deal has been agreed that will see Gerrard , who has only previously worked with Liverpool's Under-18 team, take his first step into first-team management at the helm of the Scottish Premiership giants. Gerrard was an inspirational captain and Champions League winner in a 17-year career at Anfield but as a managerial rookie, the 37-year-old faces a huge challenge to compete with bitter rivals Celtic for domestic dominance in Scotland.

Celtic's 5-0 thrashing of Rangers on Sunday sealed a seventh straight Scottish Premiership title for the green-and-white side of Glasgow.

Gerrard also faces the challenge of outfoxing his former manager at Liverpool in Celtic's Brendan Rodgers.

In just under two years since taking charge at Celtic Park, Rodgers has won nine and drawn two of his 11 meetings with Rangers, with his side scoring 30 goals in the process.

The arrival of the former England captain would restore some star power to a league that has found it increasingly hard to attract and hold on to top players against the booming television revenues of the Premier League.

Rangers are still recovering from the fallout of their liquidation in 2012 and subsequent demotion to the fourth tier of Scottish football.

In their second season back in the top flight, Rangers trail Celtic by 13 points, and are locked in a battle with Aberdeen and Hibernian just to finish second.

Rangers fans excited by the prospect of Gerrard's arrival have cited his stature as aiding the Ibrox club's ability to recruit a better quality player in what is expected to be a busy transfer window.

But Rangers still have to overcome a huge financial disparity with Celtic. Bolstered by revenue from the Champions League, Celtic's 122 million US Dollars turnover last year was three times that of their Old Firm rivals.

Betting on an inexperienced manager with no previous ties to Scottish football is also seen as another huge risk taken by Rangers' beleaguered board.

Caretaker manager Graeme Murty, who had been promoted from his role as the club's under-20 coach, was sacked this week after six months in charge.Highlights As per policy, all fatalities will be investigated to determine the cause

As per policy, all fatalities will be investigated to determine the cause Post investigation, any road engineering defect behind accident to be fixed

Post investigation, any road engineering defect behind accident to be fixed Government hopes the policy will help reduce road accidents by 80% by 2025

New Delhi: The national capital Delhi is also the road accident capital among the cities in India. Claiming lives of over 1,591 people in road accidents, roughly 5 deaths per day – Delhi has the deadliest roads, according to the statistics compiled by the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways in its report titled ‘Road Accidents in India 2016’. According to a 2016 study by the Delhi Traffic police, the roads are particularly unsafe for pedestrians, who make up for nearly 43 percent of all fatalities. And the second highest number of deaths are of two-wheeler riders (not wearing helmets), accounting for 36 percent. Deeply concerned about the growth in the number of road accidents, injuries and fatalities in recent years, the Delhi government has approved the ‘Delhi Road Safety Policy’. Through this policy, the government is hopeful of reducing the number of road accidents and fatalities in Delhi by 30 percent by 2020 and by 80 percent by 2025.

Also Read: With #Roadsafetyhumsabkizimmedari As Their Motto, Delhi Traffic Police Is Doing Their Bit To Make India’s Roads Safer

According to the new policy approved by state transport minister Kailash Gahlot, all fatal road accidents will have to be scientifically investigated to find out the root cause behind it, and then fix it. As per the policy guidelines, the concerned authorities will now have to carry out the investigation within three months to determine any kind of road engineering defect or any other traffic related issue that might have caused the accident.

Also Read: The Delhi To Chandigarh 250 Km Walkathon Looks To Spread Awareness About Safer Roads

“Despite implementing all the road safety measures, the high number of fatalities remains a huge problem in the national capital. A number of officials, including transport officials, experts and bureaucrats came together to ensure Delhi roads become safer. The Delhi Road Safety Policy will enable the transport department to carry out scientific investigations to identify primary causes of road accidents work on the measures that can be taken to prevent similar accident in the future,” said Anil Banka, Special Commissioner, Transport Department, Delhi.

The policy requires having special teams in place comprising the state police, transport department and road operators, who will operate at state and district levels to conduct scientific accident investigations using simulation techniques, and will also focus on 4 Es – Education, Enforcement, Engineering and Emergency Care.

Also Read: Over 100 Motorcyclists Come Together To Spread Awareness About Best Practices On Road

While announcing the approval of the policy, the transport minister Kailash Gahlot highlighted that the road safety policy is something which many states have, but was missing in Delhi. Once notified, it will be mandatory for all transport authorities and police to fix the accident prone areas

The agencies will now have to conduct anti-encroachment drives to clear carriageways and pedestrian walkways, one of which was conducted in March on the stretches of the Mehrauli-Badarpur Road, Andheria Mod and Chirag Dilli. The government will enlist experts to conduct a safety audit of all roads including aspects such as signage, road engineering flaws and traffic problems.

In addition to this, it will also be mandatory for the transport department to conduct a special training programme for all officials, including all senior and junior engineers and police officers, every two years, in order to keep them up-to-date with the road design, road construction, road network management, traffic management and law enforcement to attain adequate knowledge of road safety issues.

In fact, authorities believe that sharing expertise among officials from different department will only help in making the roads of Delhi safer.

As per the policy, significant funds will be spent on creating awareness among people on the importance of following road safety measures through education, training and publicity campaigns. The transport department will ensure that traffic laws are enforced duly. Another provision states that the government will arrange for special emergency services which can reach accident spots fast and ensure that accident victims receive timely treatment.

Also Read: In Next Two Years, India’s Road Infrastructure Will Match That Of Us And Germany: Nitin Gadkari

The transport department will also put up the policy in the public domain this week for feedback, which will be open for a month. Later the feedback will be sent to the Lieutenant Governor for his approval. Once approved, the rules under this policy will have to be implemented by the Delhi police, transport department, road-owning agencies and all other stakeholders.Saying she is yet to fully recover from her heart-breaking defeat in a tie-breaker at the semifinals of the World Chess Championships to China's Tan Zhongyi, India's Harika Dronavalli, who won a bronze at the event for a third straight occasion on Sunday, said she still got flashes of her defeat. "It's extremely difficult to go through a tie-breaker," she said, replying to a query on her state of mind during her thrilling semifinal clash.Tainted former Australian Vice Captain David Warner said on Saturday he has "learned a valuable lesson" after the ball-tampering scandal in South Africa in March. Speaking for the first time since his emotional press conference in Sydney more than a month ago, Warner told NT News: "Sometimes with our society, something has to happen for the worst for people to come out and show a lot of support and I think I've learned a valuable lesson in this myself for the support I have been given to be on the front foot to help others."

Warner was attending a cricket clinic with children here.

Accused of being the chief architect behind the ball tampering incident, Warner was banned from playing international and domestic cricket for a year along with former skipper Steve Smith.

Cameron Bancroft, who rubbed sandpaper on the red ball in Cape Town in that third Test, was suspended for nine months.

"I think the biggest thing for us has been when you are in a routine, you can get caught in a bubble -- cricket, hotels, packing your bags, coming home. I've missed that part until now where the kids run up to the gate saying, 'Mummy and daddy are here', and I am really enjoying and embracing that," Warner said.

Warner and Smith were also axed from the Indian Premier League (IPL) where they were appointed captains of Sunrisers Hyderabad and Rajasthan Royals respectively.

Smith had also thanked people publicly for their support on Friday, saying "I now have a lot to do to earn back your trust."

(With IANS inputs)After virtually sealing a play-off berth in the Indian Premier League (IPL), Chennai Super Kings' skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni revealed the reason behind making too many changes in every game. In the game against Royal Challengers Bangalore (RCB) on Saturday, Chennai made a heavy weather of a small total before captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni did his famous finishing act to beat the visitors by six wickets. The win also lifted Chennai to top spot in the league points-table with seven wins from 10 games and 14 points in their kitty.

However, skipper Dhoni feels his side is yet to find out a death over specialist.

Speaking at the post-match presentation, the Chennai skipper said: "We were worried about the bowling department, in the last few games, there's no one individual who has come up and owned that place, especially someone who can bowl in the death overs."

"The good thing is we have a lot of all-rounders, we need to know who is our death bowling option going ahead, that's what we are worried about. That's the reason for so many changes in the team for every game," Dhoni added.

Hailing left-arm spinner Ravindra Jadeja for his impressive figures of 3/18 in four overs against Bangalore, Dhoni said, "Jadeja bowled very well, he was maneuvering his pace, bowled with a flatter trajectory."

On the other hand, with the play-offs dreams almost looking out of range for struggling RCB, captain Virat Kohli said that his side needs to improve their performance with just five games left for them.

"We know it is a tough road ahead, we need to win at least 4 matches or all 5 matches. We have to pull our socks up," Kohli said.

The 29-year-old also praised Dhoni, who batted sensibly to ensure victory for Chennai and hitting 23-ball unbeaten 31 runs.

"Everyone loves to see MS striking the ball, the way he is doing. The bigger picture is that it is good for Indian cricket," Kohli said.

Chennai will now face bottom-placed Rajasthan Royals on May 11 in Jaipur while Bangalore will face hosts Sunrisers Hyderabad on Monday.The police were informed about the body around 4 pm (Representational)

Parts of a woman's body were found floating in a canal in outer Delhi's Mianwali Nagar today, the police said.The body was cut into three pieces, with the head found floating at a distance, while the torso and the legs were floating separately, they said.The torso was wrapped in a blanket and then covered by a sack, but the legs were not covered in any cloth, a senior police officer said.The police were informed about the body around 4 pm.The police officer said it is suspected that the woman was killed somewhere else and her body was dumped in the canal after cutting it into three pieces to conceal her identity.It appears that the woman was in her 20s, the officer said, adding they are focussing on identifying the victim."We are checking the database of missing people and have also informed police stations across Delhi to inform us if any woman, in her 20s, was reported to be missing in the last few days."Since the area where the body was found is bordering Haryana, we are also trying to ascertain whether the woman belonged to that state," he said. The officer said once the woman is identified, post-mortem will be conducted.It will help ascertain the extent of her injuries and whether she was sexually assaulted before being killed, the police officer said.Diego Costa killed Arsene Wenger's last hope of a glorious Arsenal farewell as his goal sent Atletico Madrid through to the Europa League final on Thursday. Wenger's 250th European fixture with Arsenal also to proved to be his last, decided by a typically ruthless finish from Costa, who delivered the sort of barnstorming display defenders must have nightmares about. Arsenal's defence, fragile and nervous throughout, were particularly susceptible and this 1-0 defeat, 2-1 on aggregate, means Wenger's final season in charge will end with his team missing out on Champions League qualification for a second year in a row.

For all his domestic achievements, Wenger will also depart without a European trophy to his name and it remains to be seen how sitting outside the continent's premier tournament will affect Arsenal's pursuit of a new coach, and players, this summer.

"I'm very sad tonight," Wenger said. "Unfortunately you have to go through that - the game can be very cruel, sometimes very nice, but the suffering is very strong tonight."

More immediately, there was the concerning sight of Laurent Koscielny being carried off on a stretcher in the 12th minute after the defender went down, with nobody near him, clutching his left Achilles.

"It doesn't look very good, it's his Achilles," Wenger said. "You can always hope for a miracle in the scan but if he has a ruptured Achilles, his chances for the World Cup are non-existent."

Koscielny's exit made a tough task all the more difficult for Arsenal, who were always going to be up against it at the Wanda Metropolitano, where Atletico have not lost in the league all season and not conceded a goal since January.

It was perhaps also telling that Costa's physicality and Atletico's defensive rigour ultimately proved decisive, two qualities Wenger's Arsenal in recent years have so lacked.

"Costa came back here for nights like this," Atletico coach Diego Simeone said. "To be important, to lead from the front. This side needs an aggressive striker and that's exactly what he is."

Costa was hunting Arsenal's back four from the outset as he wrestled past Koscielny, knocked over Nacho Monreal before firing wide with only David Ospina to beat.

Koscielny was substituted soon after, replaced by Calum Chambers, but Arsenal enjoyed one of their best spells midway through the half, dominating possession and reducing Atletico to a series of rushed clearances.

- Clinical Costa -

At the back, however, they were shaky, as Ospina had balls booted out of his grasp by his teammates on more than one occasion while their passing out of the back was too often careless.

By the end of the half, Atletico had regained the ascendancy and in injury-time, they struck. Granit Xhaka's weak header put Arsenal on the back foot and Antoine Griezmann threaded through to Costa.

He held off Hector Bellerin with ease before coolly finishing past Ospina.

Arsenal came again after the interval. Aaron Ramsey bundled his way through but the ball would not fall for him six yards out while Mesut Ozil flashed too sumptuous deliveries across the face of goal.

Griezmann could have put the tie to bed after Costa had turned Shkodran Mustafi inside out but the defender recovered just in time to block.

A vintage Costa performance would not be complete without a scuffle and he provided it when Mustafi tried too enthusiastically to grab the ball off him for a free-kick.

Both players were booked and when Costa was substituted soon after, the striker was given a standing ovation.

Arsenal piled forward late on in search of an equaliser but in truth, their night ended without them really creating a clear-cut chance.

When the final whistle blew, Wenger marched straight down the tunnel as around him, Atletico's celebrations began.Chennai Super Kings are virtually through to the Indian Premier League play-offs after a comprehensive six-wicket victory over Royal Challengers Bangalore, courtesy a superb bowling effort from the spin duo of Ravindra Jadeja and Harbhajan Singh. Jadeja (3/18 in 4 overs) and Harbahajan (2/22 in 4 overs) wreaked havoc as RCB could only manage 127/9, largely due to efforts from Parthiv Patel (53 off 41 balls) and Tim Southee (36 off 26 balls).

On a tricky pitch, Mahendra Singh Dhoni (31 no off 23 balls) picked up Yuzvendra Chahal for some special treatment with three huge sixes as CSK knocked off the required runs in only 18 overs to move to 14 points from 10 games. Another win in the next four matches will guarantee CSK a spot as 16 points has always been a cut-off for play-off qualification.

RCB's sloppy fielding also contributed to their downfall. At 80 for 4 in the 13th over, CSK were in a spot of bother but Parthiv as usual was shoddy behind the stumps, dropping Dwayne Bravo (14 off 17 balls) off Murugan Ashwin. Ashwin was also unlucky when Chahal dropped Bravo at deep extra cover as the all-rounder along with his skipper added 48 runs for the unbroken fifth wicket stand.

For Virat Kohli, it is turning out to be yet another disappointing season as RCB once again stare at an imminent exit with only three wins from nine games. Earlier, Jadeja and Harbhajan choked the run flow in the middle overs apart from snaring wickets at regular intervals to peg back RCB. In all, CSK bowled 54 dot balls (equivalent to 9 overs), which also proved to be a key factor.

While it was a collective bowling effort by CSK, Jadeja and Harbhajan conceded only 40 runs between them with prize scalps of Kohli and AB de Villiers in their kitty. Jadeja got rid of the Indian captain with an armer which breached Kohli's defence. The ball skidded through the two-paced surface where batting exactly was not easy. In the very next over, de Villiers was stumped trying to reverse-sweep Harbhajan and RCB never recovered from the twin blows.

Parthiv did score a half-century but the dismal show of the other batsmen hurt them dearly. Save Parthiv and Southee who ensured a 120-run plus total for the visiting team, none of the other batsmen could even reach double digits.

With the ball not coming onto the bat, both Jadeja and Harbhajan also bowled slower through the air to make life more difficult for the batsmen. New ball bowlers Lungi Ngidi (1/24 in 4 overs) and IPL debutant David Willey (1/24 in 4 overs) also used their variations to good effect. Ngidi bowled a lot of slow cutters.

Parthiv hit five boundaries and two sixes but he was guilty of not being able to rotate the strike as he time and again failed to read Ngidi's slower ones.

He finally gave a return catch to Jadeja as he was not able to check his stroke. Mandeep Singh on the other hand tried to sweep and gave a catch in the deep.

Tottering at 89 for 8, it was Southee who took it upon himself, adding 38 runs for the ninth wicket with Mohammed Siraj, whose contribution was a mere three runs.Abhishek Bachchan, co-owner of Indian Super League (ISL) team Chennaiyin FC and Pro Kabaddi League (PKL) team Jaipur Pink Panther, said the franchise-based professional leagues have taken Indian sports to the world stage. He added that he would want players of the stature of Didier Drogba to play in the ISL. Regarding PKL, he said the traditional Indian sport has generated interest in Europe also.Karishma Tanna and Rajat Tokas in Naagin 3. (Image courtesy: Colors TV)

Highlights Karishma and Anita play negative roles in Naagin 3 Surbhi Jyoti, who hasn't been properly introduced, plays a positive role Naagin 3 will go on air in the first week on June

A new promo ofhit the Internet on Friday night and this revenge saga appears to be cliched. In the promo of the show, actress Karishma Tanna is introduced as the revenge seeking shape-shifting naagin , who can also change her appearance (and turns into Anita Hassanandani). She seeks revenge from her assaulters who also murdered her soulmate - a shape-shiftingplayed by Rajat Tokas (and). Interestingly, Rajat Tokas had a recurring role in the first season of- he played a shape-shifting mongoose. Dramatic, yes, but there's nothing unique about this supernatural thriller.Watch the first promo ofThe showrunners have not properly introduced the lead of the show, Surbhi Jyoti, yet. Surbhi, who has featured in shows such asand, has a positive role in the series and she's also a shape-shifting. Karishma Tanna and Anita Haasanandani (who apparently share their onscreen character ) have a negative role.Here's a snippet of Surbhi's introduction:is produced by Ekta Kapoor and it also stars Pearl V Puri, Amrapali Gupta, Rakshanda Khan and Chetan Hansraj. Mouni Roy, who headlined the first two seasons of the show, has quit the series. However fans are hopeful that of her return. Comments on the promo post prove that fans of the series loved Mouni Roy, whose character was killed in the finale of In fact, when Ekta Kapoor had introduced Karishma Tanna, the team faced a severe backlash. Mouni Roy shared a special message for the fans in favour of Karishma's casting , who in turn said she's not in the show as Mouni's replacement.is a new story and the show will air in the first week of June.Manchester City surged 11 points clear at the top of the Premier League as Nicolas Otamendi's strike clinched a crucial 2-1 win at title rivals Manchester United on Sunday. Pep Guardiola's side took the lead through David Silva's goal before Marcus Rashford equalised for United in first-half stoppage time. Meanwhile, Wayne Rooney's spot kick salvaged a 1-1 draw for Everton against Liverpool in the Merseyside derby at Anfield.Actor, politician, pilot and now the first Indian woman to drive a Formula E racecar - Gul Panag wears multiple hats with panache. She talks to NDTV about her Formula E experience and how she hopes a shift to e-mobility will ease pollution problems in many a cities.PM Narendra Modi accused top Congress leaders of auctioning their tickets and party posts.

Highlights PM Modi says BJP will demolish Congress in Karnataka elections Says BJP will limit Congress only to Punjab, Puducherry, Parivar (family) Siddaramaiah's comeback: BJP's "PPP" are Prison, Price Rise and Pakoda

Prime Minister Narendra Modi amped up his criticism against the Congress, predicting the return of the BJP to Karnataka and squeeze Rahul Gandhi's party to just two states. PM Modi, as usual, also came with an acronym to describe the opposition party's new status. "When the results for the Karnataka elections are out on May 15, then it will not be an Indian National Congress. It will become PPP Congress," PM Modi, who doesn't lose an opportunity to coin acronyms to make his point, said."That means Punjab, Puducherry, Parivar Congress," he said. Karnataka is one of the only four states ruled by the Congress. The other three are Punjab, Puducherry and Mizoram. This isn't the first time that the BJP or PM Modi has predicted the defeat of the Siddaramaiah government or attacked the dynastic politics of the Congress.The BJP's presumptive chief minister BS Yeddyurappa had recently also predicted a clear majority for the BJP in the 224-member assembly, the second slot for the Congress with 50-60 seats and JDS, around 30. But the barbs have become sharper as campaigning for the May 12 election enters the home stretch.PM Modi said despite a series of electoral losses in Maharashtra, Goa, Gujarat, Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh, Chhattisgarh, Uttar Pradesh, Uttarakhand, Himachal Pradesh, and Tripura did not have the Congress as worried as it is now."I tell you why... Because their ministers and leaders in Karnataka have built a tank here. A part of money looted from people is taken home and the rest is put in that tank. The tank is linked to Delhi through a pipeline which carries the money directly to Delhi," he said, asking people to "be alert"."If the Congress comes to power, its government will do nothing but loot," PM Modi said. It is seen as his counter-offensive to Rahul Gandhi who has been taking swipes at him for not speaking about corruption cases against the Reddy brothers or its CM face Yeddyurappa.Rahul Gandhi, who had tweeted a sharp attack on him for protecting Yeddyurappa just hours earlier, has not responded to the attack.Chief Minister Siddaramaiah, who was also on his line of fire, however, was quick with his take."Heard you spun a new abbreviation 'PPP' today. Sir, we have always championed the 3 Ps of democracy - 'Of the People, By the People, For the People'. While your party is a 'Prison', 'Price Rise' & 'Pakoda' party," Siddaramaiah tweeted.He also reminded PM Modi that it was mining baron G Janardhan Reddy, who he called "one of your friends", who was believed to have spent Rs 500 crore on his daughter's wedding at the peak of the cash crunch due to the notes ban decision. Siddaramaiah also posed some questions, suggesting that PM Modi should also touch upon issues that really matter to people of Karnataka. "Why is diesel and petrol so expensive when international crude oil prices are half of what they used to be before 2014?" he asked.Earlier in the day, PM Modi sought to counter the Congress campaign that the BJP and former prime minister HD Deve Gowda-led Janata Dal Secular had a deal. PM Modi, who had recently accused Rahul Gandhi of insulting Deve Gowda, today insisted in Tumkuru that the Congress and JDS had a "secret understanding".Press Trust of India

The Athletics Federation of India has formed a panel to investigate the matter and promised to take severe action against the two if found guilty after the investigation.Almost 700 out of 834 cashew processing units have shut down in the last two years

Highlights 84 per cent of cashew processing units in Kerala have closed in 2 years These units employed 3 lakh people, mostly women, now left without jobs Most of these processing units are located in Kollam district

Many women have to work odd jobs since the cashew processing unit shut down 2 years ago

Most of these processing units are located in Kollam district

Within a minute of talking to Bindu S, she chokes and holds back her tears, as she speaks. She has been without a job for nearly two years, and has an elderly mother and a son to feed at home. She used to earn at least Rs 1,500 every week at the nearby cashew processing unit, a skill she mastered in nearly 15 years. But since that unit was shut in 2016, she does odd jobs at people's houses occasionally, to feed her family members. Bindu S is barely 39.Cashew processing units in Kerala once employed around three lakh people - mostly women - who now have been left without jobs, claim industry insiders. Almost 700 out of 834 cashew processing units - around 84 per cent in Kerala - have shut down in the last two years. Most of these processing units are located in Kollam district - earlier world famous for export of cashew kernels.Usha Kumari, in her 50s, with her husband bed ridden, speaks to us as her tears trickle down, unstoppable. "It's even difficult to think about rice soup on some nights. I have no support, except this job here. Have tried in other places, but there are no jobs nearby," Usha Kumari says.But it's not just the workers. Owners like Rajesh K, with a 12-year-old daughter, shows us his house which now been possessed by a bank after he defaulted on the loan payment and his processing unit in Kollam was declared a non-performing asset. His wife stands by his side, wiping her tears.He is not an exception."The price of kernels has increased two fold. But the raw nut price has increased five times and are hardly available for procurement. This industry is destroyed," explains Susheelan Pillai, who has a liability of crores pending.The reasons for the downfall are stark. The cost of raw cashew has steeped globally and in Kerala, lack of mechanisation has added to the woes - a victory for Vietnam which has emerged as a cheaper global alternative."From Zero import duty, the central government imposed a 9.36 per cent import duty in 2015. This made the survival of small scale entrepreneurs like us, extremely tough. Currently the import duty is reduced to 2.5 per cent, but even that is very high for us. We have nothing left to pay," says Shashidharan Achary, an entrepreneur who invested his hard earned savings to start a cashew processing unit about 18 years ago.After Kerala Chief Minister Pinarayi Vijayan's interventions, a temporary moratorium exists on any bank action till May 31. But, with each passing day, fear seems to be rising. "We have seen the Chief Minister of Kerala, we have met the cashew minister, all the concerned officials in the secretariat. We have given petitions to central commerce minister and Minister of State. But so far nothing has been done," Mr Sashidharan says, demanding a recovery package.The state government insists that while it is looking at various options to deal with this crisis, a lot also depends upon banks."We can help the existing players to revive their businesses only if banks cooperate with us. For fresh loans, government is in a position to facilitate loans at a lesser interest. A cashew board has been put into place," J Mercykutty Amma, Minister for Fisheries, Harbour Engineering and Cashew Industry, told NDTV.New Delhi: ‘I don’t want my children to suffer the same fate as I did – I want them to use a toilet at home and be safe,’ with this as her motive, 87-year-old Rakkhi from Jammu and Kashmir’s Badali village in Udhampur, single-handedly is constructing a toilet near her house in order to fight open defecation. Rakkhi, who herself has been going to the fields to defecate for years, decided to take this big step as she was deeply inspired by the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan campaign and wanted to make sure she does her bit towards the clean India 2019 goal.

Speaking to ANI, Rakkhi said that she did not know about the ill-effects of defecating in the open until she attended one of the awareness campaigns in her village. She said,

I want everyone to use a toilet as defecating in open gives birth to many kinds of diseases.

Also Read: ‘Swachhta Before Rozi Roti’, Says The Man From Uttar Pradesh Who Sold His Goats To Build A Toilet

As Rakkhi did not have any money to hire labourers to construct a toilet, so she, started doing the masonry work all by herself. Explaining the work done by her, she added,

My son made the mud for my toilet after which I leveled the bricks and did the masonry work myself. Within 7 days my toilet work will be completed.

Deputy Commissioner of Udhampur praised her work and said, “It is time for people to change their traditional mindset. I was shocked to know that an 87-year-old woman is building a toilet herself without any help. I salute the spirit of the woman and everyone should learn a lesson from her.”

He further added that every possible help will be provided to the woman.

Also Read: It Is Never Too Late To Change: Bihar’s Tetri Devi Sells Her Cow To Build A Toilet At Home

Inspired by the spirit of the 87-year-old, other villagers to have joined Rakkhi and have pledged to make their village free from open defecation on priority.

If at this age, this woman has not given up, then how can we youngsters give up.. We will make sure, we will not go out in the open and will get ourselves a toilet at home. Soon, we will also make a rule in our village that no individual will be allowed to go out to defecate, signs off the bunch of young women from the village.

So far, Jammu and Kashmir has achieved a target of 71.95 per cent sanitation coverage. Districts OF Leh, Kargil, Shopian, and Srinagar have been declared open defecation free and the target to declare the whole state ODF has been set for December 2018. The government is also confident that the state will achieve the target successfully.Swimming with the Olympians at our Bangalore camp

India's 1st Woman Swimmer to take part in the Olympics on why swimming is the best sport for you.Rajghat village in Dholpur have not seen a marriage since 22 years.

After a long wait of 22 years, a baraat or wedding procession left a village in Rajasthan last week. Pawan, the groom, could not afford a horse for the wedding procession but his face was lit up as if etching history. Villagers' joy knew no bounds as they welcomed a new bride after 1996.

The village, however, paints a grim picture. There is no power, road connectivity or water in Rajghat village in Dholpur. This, despite a district headquarters close by. All the marriage proposals from the men of this village are turned down, and they were forced to live as bachelors.

"As there are no basic facilities here, no marriages take place here. Villagers are seeing a marriage after 22 years," said the groom's relatives.

The village only has kaccha houses.

Reeling under extreme poverty, the village of 300 people has 40 kaccha houses. In the name of development, there is only one primary school and a handpump with saline water.

The women in the village cannot read or write.

Of the 125 women who live in this village, only two could write their name correctly. These women have not seen a TV or fridge in their lives.

(WIith Inputs From ANI)



International Hockey Federation (FIH) president Narinder Batra has apologised for his criticism of the UK police for summoning former India captain Sardar Singh during the Hero Hockey World League (HWL) Semi-Final London in June 2017, it was announced on Tuesday. Batra was angered by the fact that the local police decided to summon Sardar -- in connection with an year-old sexual assault case -- to Leeds right in the middle of the Champions Trophy. "Batra regrets his actions and has publicly apologised for his emotional statement. Batra was given a written warning. He shall pay an undisclosed amount to a sports charity institution and bear the costs of the disciplinary proceeding," FIH said in a statement.

"He is not restricted in any way to pursue his functions as the FIH President."

Batra had taken a dig at the British government on social media.

"England is a country which is a safe haven for all fraudsters who have run away from India and agree to invest in England," Batra had posted on Facebook in a rather obvious reference to fugitive Indian businessman Vijay Mallya.

"I would love to see the reaction of England and world media if in India the England players are called to police stations. Request the Indian media to get the Ministry of External Affairs and Indian High Commission in UK involved," the post added.

Last year, British-Indian women's hockey player Ashpal Bhogal had accused Sardar of sexual assault. Ashpal, who claimed to be Sardar's fiancee, had alleged that the Indian midfielder had assaulted her both in India and the UK.A big issue that the BJP has raised in the Karnataka election campaign is that 23 of its workers have been killed by what it calls 'jihadi' forces. All its leaders from Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Amit Shah and Yogi Adityanath have repeated this claim. But NDTV tracked down the first name in the 'martyr' list - to find that he is alive.Kolkata Knight Riders (KKR) vice captain Robin Uthappa feels that the team now has a strong core group of players who can deliver for the next 5-7 years. "I think we have got a side that can hold strong core for the next 5-7 years easily," Uthappa told KKR's official website on the eve of their Indian Premier League (IPL) away tie against Mumbai Indians ."So for me, I think that is commendable to have that kind of side. It's commendable to have decision maker to have such setup," he added talking about KKR having a young set of players this time and miminal squad. The likes of U-19 World Cup winners Shubman Gill and Shivam Mavi have done well so far for the two-time champions, while pacer Kamlesh Nagarkoti had to be ruled out of the competition due to injury.

Gill was instrumental in KKR's convincing six-wicket win over Chennai Super Kings in the previous encounter. The 18-year old, who was adjugded Player of the Tournament in the U-19 World Cup, remained unbeaten on 57 off 36 balls to guide the purple brigade to victory.

In the same match, Mavi bowled superbly, conceding just 21 runs in his three overs, although not getting a wicket.

The likes of unheralded Rinku Singh have also been picked up by the franchise underlining their desire to promote young talent.

Uthappa, who has been around since the inception of the IPL in 2008, said the game has changed a lot since the first year and has become more "power-oriented".

I think it's the way cricket is moving right now. If you look at it. It is becoming a sport that is more dynamic, that is more power-oriented. Cricket has changed from the time

"I started playing the IPL to where it is today. It has changed tremendously. We are at that stage where everything is growing and is learning to walk, and is just beginning to take strides and running.

"So I think, we are only going to see what it's going to be like in next five or 10 years, which will dictate what it's going to be in the next century," the 32-year old 2007 World T20 winner said.

With wicketkeeper batsman Dinesh Karthik taking over as the skipper from Gautam Gambhir this season, Uthappa has made way for the former behind the stumps.

Quizzed about his experience as an outfield player, the clean-hitting right-hander said, "I am loving it. I absolutely love fielding. It's a lot of fun. You are involved in the game so much more. You are running. You are trying to help out the bowler as much as you can.

"With every ball, you are in in the game. It's not like you are not when you are keeping. But you know, you are always in the move, which I enjoy completely."

Generally an important cog in KKR's wheel, Uthappa has failed to convert his starts this season, not scoring a fifty after nine games.

"Well I think, everything is going to reveal in the days to come. I would like my bat to speak, instead of me speaking," he said when asked about his pedestrian form.

KKR are third in the points table with 10 points from nine outings.Rohit Sharma and Krunal Pandya delivered in desperate times as Mumbai Indians stayed alive in the IPL with a tense six-wicket win over Kings XI Punjab on Friday. Captain Rohit (24* off 15) and Krunal (31* off 12) shared a match-winning 56-run stand off just 21 balls as Mumbai Indians reached the 175-run target in 19 overs.India's para swimmer Prasanta Karmakar has been suspended for three years by Paralympic Committee of India (PCI) after he was found shooting videos of female swimmers during a competition in Jaipur last year. The PCI said in a statement that Karmakar, who was honoured with the Major Dhyan Chand Award in 2015 and Bheem Award in 2014 besides being conferred with Swimmer of the Year award in 2009 and 2011, has been suspended after a written complaint regarding acts of misconduct and misbehaviour. The incident took place during the National Para-Swimming Championship in Jaipur last year.

"He (Karmakar) gave a camera to one of his associates and asked him to make video films of female swimmers during the event. When the parents of those swimmers objected, the person making videos on the instance of Prasanta Karmakar was called by Dr. VK Dabas, chairman, para-swimming, PCI, wherein he told that the camera was given to him by Karmakar under instructions to make said video films," the PCI statement said.

"The person was stopped but soon after that a similar complaint was again received and this time Prasanta Karmakar was himself making videos of female swimmers with camera on tripod despite objection from their parents," the statement added.

An argument subsequently ensued when Karmakar was asked to delete the video, media reports added.

"Karmakar was called by the chairman wherein he, in full anger, asked the chairman and other office-bearers of the PCI why they were stopping his man from making the video. He was told that the act is being objected to by the parents of the swimmers. Karmakar asked the PCI office-bearers to show written objections. The objecting parents immediately submitted their written complaints. Karmakar argued with Dr. Dabas and Mahipal Singh Arya from Haryana saying that he was an Arjuna awardee and refused to delete the video recordings of the swimmers," the PCI said.

Police had detained Karmakar but released later after the swimmer agreed to delete the videos and photos recorded by him and his associate.

The 37-year-old Karmakar is the first disabled swimmer to represent India at the World Swimming Championship, held in Argentina. He won a medal in the competition.

Karmakar was also coached Indian team at the 2016 Rio Paralympic Games.Ravindra Jadeja hasn't had a good run in the ongoing Indian Premier League (IPL) so far but such is his demeanour that he doesn't stay away from the headlines. The other day, he dropped two back-to-back catches at mid-off against Kolkata Knight Riders that proved crucial in the end as Sunil Narine went on to score 32 for his team. On Friday, Jadeja clean-bowled Royal Challengers Bangalore (RCB) captain Virat Kohli on the very first ball he bowled but decided not to celebrate the dismissal. After the wicket, Kohli gave him a nasty stare and Jadeja, who is known for wild celebrations, didn't react at all.

Twitter was quick to notice this and trolled Jadeja brutally for not celebrating, with Indian Premier League and ICC too joining in the fun.

No celebrations from Jadeja here as he gets the crucial wicket of the #RCB Skipper.#CSKvRCB pic.twitter.com/1U4KdKDrlv — IndianPremierLeague (@IPL) May 5, 2018

When you dismiss your national team captain ?? https://t.co/h7cnFiuw3c — ICC (@ICC) May 5, 2018

For Those Asking Why Didn't I Celebrate Virat Kohli's Wicket, Yes I Was Scared My Place In National Team Will Be Screwed. #CSKvRCB #CSKvsRCB #Jadeja #SirJadeja pic.twitter.com/S9AyvEDnrc — Sir Ravindra Jadeja (@SirJadeja) May 5, 2018

Letter postmatch :



Hi Virat ,



I have no intent to do this to you . If possible , please forgive me . And please consider me for selection .



Your faithfully

Jaddu #CSKvRCB #jadeja pic.twitter.com/S5qo50BRGn — PK (@restlessler) May 5, 2018

"It was my first ball and I was not ready to celebrate. Virat's wicket is always a huge wicket, I was thinking I got a good wicket," said Jadeja when asked about the incident.

CSK produced a magnificent bowling performance as they restricted RCB to a meagre 127/9 in 20 overs at the MCS stadium, Pune on Saturday afternoon. MS Dhoni winning the toss, put RCB to bat as the home team bowlers ran through the famed RCB batting line-up quickly to gain an upper hand in the game early. Brendon McCullum, Virat Kohli and AB de Villiers were dismissed cheaply while Parthiv Patel was the sole fighter who scored a brilliant 53. Chennai spinners -- Ravindra Jadeja and Harbhajan Singh -- shared five wickets between them as they spun a web around the visitors.

However, Tim Southee provided a final flourish in the dying moments of the game to help his team cross the three-figure back. Apart from this, he strung together a 34-run partnership in the end with Mohammed Siraj. For Chennai, Jadeja was the pick of the bowlers as he finished with the figures of 3/18 in his stipulated overs.Press Trust of India

It turned out to be an easy day in office for Viswanathan Anand according to machines even as the pundits thought the Indian ace was not up to the mark against the younger AmericanDefending world champion Lewis Hamilton claimed his first win of 2018 on Sunday and took over as leader of the title race when he triumphed in a dramatic, crash-strewn Azerbaijan Grand Prix . The 33-year-old Briton, who had struggled for outright pace, managed to steer his Mercedes through a chaotic race and capitalize on others' misfortunes to register his first victory in seven races and the 63rd of his career. Sebastian Vettel of Ferrari looked set to turn pole position into a victory until a second Safety Car intervention left him lunging to pass Valtteri Bottas and locked up and ran off. Bottas then seemed sure to win, but suffered a sudden right rear puncture on his Mercedes after running over metal debris on the straight. Hamilton flew past to return to the top of the podium

"That was quite an emotional race, to be honest," said Hamilton, who now leads the championship by four points from Vettel.

"Valtteri deserved to have the win and also Sebastian did a great job. I was very fortunate today so it feels a bit odd to me to be here."

Vettel managed to continue and finish fourth ahead of his teammate Kimi Raikkonen and Mexican Sergio Perez of Force India.

Carlos Sainz finishing fifth for Renault and Charles Leclerc sixth for Sauber, his first points finish. Fernando Alonso finished seventh for McLaren ahead of Canadian Lance Stroll of Williams, Stoffel Vandoorne in the second McLaren and New Zealand's Brendon Hartley of Toro Rosso who scored his first point in F1.

The race was heavily punctuated by accidents which included one in which the two Red Bulls of Daniel Ricciardo and Max Verstappen collided while fighting for fourth place in the closing stages, the pair having banged wheels and battled for positions throughout the race.

They ended up among the seven retirements on a challenging day on the second-longest circuit on the calendar.

- Red Bull wipe-out -

In cooler conditions with a strong blustery wind, the drama unfolded from the start. As the lights went out, Vettel was away fast enough from his 53rd pole to hold off Hamilton in second, but behind them mayhem erupted. Raikkonen, starting sixth, attempted to pass inside Ocon's Force India, but the Frenchman turned in and as the pair collided he crashed into the wall.

In the surrounding chaos, Sergey Sirotkin was also contacted and he went down an escape road while Raikkonen limped back to the Ferrari pits. The luckless Alonso suffered punctured right front and rear tyres.

The multiple incidents required a Safety Car before the action settled and racing resumed, after five laps.

Vettel pulled away to open a three seconds lead ahead of Hamilton and Bottas after 10 of the scheduled 51 laps of the tight and fast Baku street track.

On lap 11, Nico Hulkenberg lost control of his Renault and clipped a wall at Turn Four as Ricciardo began a series of attacks on his Red Bull team-mate, the pair banging wheels to the consternation of their pit wall.

At the front, Vettel was in control and opened up a 3.6 seconds lead despite Hamilton recording fastest laps.

"These tyres are done," complained Hamilton, who pitted to switch to 'softs' after 22 laps, rejoining third behind Bottas, but ahead of Verstappen. Vettel led the Finn by 12.5 seconds after 25 laps.

The Red Bulls continued providing thrills as they fought for fourth, Ricciardo passing Verstappen outside Turn One before the Dutch tyro regained the place inside Turn Two.

With 20 laps to go, Vettel finally pitted and passed the lead to Bottas, but rejoined 8.5 seconds ahead of Hamilton. A frustrated Hamilton complained about back markers, but began clawing back time, recorded a fastest lap and then saw Bottas go eight-tenths quicker.

A tense and high-speed conclusion was clearly in prospect before, after their pit-stops had reversed positions, Ricciardo rammed into Verstappen under braking for Turn One on lap 41.

The Safety Car was deployed again and the leaders pitted for new ultra-soft tyres to set up a charging 10-lap finale.

The action resumed with four laps remaining and promptly delivered even more twists as Vettel lunged to take the lead from Bottas, but locked up and fell to fourth.

Then, with two laps remaining, Bottas suffered a right rear punctured after running over debris. "Oh my God, it just blew up on me," he said as Hamilton took the lead ahead of Raikkonen and Perez.Chennai Super Kings (CSK) climbed to the top of the points table with a comfortable six-wicket victory over Royal Challengers Bangalore (RCB) in an Indian Premier League (IPL) match on Saturday. Having elected to field on winning the toss, CSK restricted the visitors to 127/9 in their 20 overs. In reply, while Shane Watson departed early, opener Ambati Rayudu laid the foundation of a successful foundation with a brilliant 32 off 25 balls. CSK captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni hit Chahal three consecutive sixes in the 18th over of the match to lead his team to a victory.

Earlier, CSK produced a magnificent bowling performance as thet restricted Royal Challengers Bangalore (RCB) to a meagre 127/9 in 20 overs. MS Dhoni winning the toss, put RCB to bat as the home team bowlers ran through the famed RCB batting line-up quickly to gain an upper hand in the game early. Brendon McCullum, Virat Kohli and AB de Villiers were dismissed cheaply while Parthiv Patel was the sole fighter who scored a brilliant 53. Chennai spinners -- Ravindra Jadeja and Harbhajan Singh -- shared five wickets between them as they spun a web around the visitors.

However, Tim Southee provided a final flourish in the dying moments of the game to help his team cross the three figure back. Apart from this he strung together a 34-run partnership in the end with Mohammed Siraj. For Chennai, Jadeja was the pick of the bowlers as he finished with figures of 3/18 in his stipulated overs. RCB will have to dig deep and produce a spirited performance to defeat the formidable CSK in order to make it to the play-offs. (Scorecard)

(Play Fantasy Cricket & Win Cash Daily!)

IPL 2018 highlights of Chennai Super Kings vs Royal Challengers Bangalore match straight from MCA stadium, Pune

19:20 IST: And it is all over. Chennai Super Kings beat Royal Challengers Bangalore by six wickets with two overs to spare.

19:18 IST: Six! Dhoni is turning the heat on at the MCA stadium. Dhoni pummels Chahal for the third consecutive maximum in the 18th over. CSK is close to a victory.

19:17 IST: Six! CSK get a free-hit and Dhoni grabs the opportunity with both hands and smokes Chahal for another maximum over the long-off boundary.

19:16 IST: Six! Chahal bowls wide and full, Dhoni standing deep in his crease clobbers him for a maximum over the deep mid-wicket boundary.

19:10 IST: Chennai Super Kings need 28 runs from 24 balls.

19:08 IST: Four! Short and wide from M Ashwin and Dhoni says thank you as he slaps the ball through covers for a boundary.

19:06 IST: Six! M Ashwin bowls a short delivery and Bravo rocks back and dispatches the ball rows back in the crowd.

19:03 IST: Strategic timeout -- Chennai Super Kings 89/4 in 15 overs, need 39 more runs to win.

19:00 IST: Dropped! Bravo makes room for himself and lifts M Ashwin inside out through the cover but the shot did not have enough power. Chahal at the boundary put down the catch as he was sliding through. Kohli is not happy.

18:55 IST: Dwayne Bravo is the new man in.

18:53 IST: OUT!! De Grandhomme gets his first wicket of the match. Dhruv Shorey cuts the wide delivery straight to Mandeep Singh at point and Kohli is elated.

Shorey falls short! Walks back after making 8 runs. Don't take this till the last over. Please! #WhistlePodu #Yellove #CSKvRCB — Chennai Super Kings (@ChennaiIPL) May 5, 2018

18:48 IST: MS Dhoni is the new man in.

18:46 IST: OUT! M Ashwin bowls wide of off stump, Rayudu failed to read the spin as he was looking to go over the infield but miscued and sent the ball to short third man.

18:45 IST: Murugan Ashwin, right-arm leg break, comes into the attack

18:42 IST: Four! Short delivery from Colin de Grandhomme and Rayudu shuffles and pulls the ball for a boundary at the backward square leg region.

18:40 IST: Chennai Super Kings 71/2 after 10 overs, need 57 more runs to win.

18:30 IST: OUT! Umesh Yadav strikes as Suresh Raina departs. Raina makes room for himself and hits the ball straight towards the long-on boundary, where Tim Southee completed a brilliant catch as he was aware where the boundary rope was. Strategic timeout -- Chennai Super Kings 62/2 in 8.4 overs.

18:29 IST: Four! Umesh strays on the leg side and Raina guides him really fine to start the ninth over with a boundary.

18:28 IST: Yuzvendra Chahal has been on point till now. He has only given seven runs from the two overs that he has bowled.

18:23 IST: Chennai Super Kings 51/1 in 7 overs, need more 77 runs to win.

18:21 IST: Six! Raina made room for himself and got the length delivery in his arc as he smoked ball over long-on for a maximum.

That one right from the middle of Chinna Thala's bat! ! #WhistlePodu #Yellove #CSKvRCB — Chennai Super Kings (@ChennaiIPL) May 5, 2018

18:18 IST: Four! Tim Southee this time goes wide and full and Rayudu says thank you as he drives the ball with immaculate timing.

18:16 IST: Six! Off cutter from Southee yet again, Rayudu rocks back and dispatches him in the stands for a maximum. Rayudu is changing gears now.

18:15 IST: Four! Short delivery from Southee and Rayudu pulls him for a boundary. Rayudu has been in top form this season.

18:09 IST: Chennai Super Kings 23/1 in 4 overs, need 105 more runs to win.

18:03 IST: Bowled! Umesh Yadav gets the big wicket of Shane Watson. He bowls a full delivery and Watson gets beaten for pace. Watson, who was anticipating a short delivery, is caught off guard as the stumps are all over the place.

18:00 IST: Six! Umesh Yadav starts with a short delivery and Rayudu pulls him away for a maximum.

17:58 IST: Yuzevndra Chahal starts with a maiden first up.

17:55 IST: Chennai Super Kings 9/0 after the first over.

17:53 IST: Four! Southee pitches the ball up, Watson leans in and clubs the shot through the cover. De Grandhomme at the sweeper chased the ball but gave up and the ball rolled away to the boundary. Captain Kohli is not impressed with that effort.

17:51 IST: Four! Tim Southee bowls the first ball wide and short and Watson crunches the ball through the cover for a boundary. Watson is off the mark in style.

17:48 IST: Shane Watson and Ambati Rayudu opening the batting for Chennai Super Kings.

17:47 IST: Tim Southee opening the bowling for Royal Challengers Bangalore.

17:48 IST: Welcome back to the chase!

Roar whistles for a terrific bowling performance! CSK need 128 runs to win! #WhistlePodu #Yellove #CSKvRCB pic.twitter.com/wJonTp931B — Chennai Super Kings (@ChennaiIPL) May 5, 2018

17:36 IST: Royal Challengers Bangalore 127/9 in 20 overs (Parthiv Patel 53, Southee 36*) vs Chennai Super Kings.

Innings Break!



Some fine bowling spells by the @ChennaiIPL bowlers restrict the #RCB to a total of 127/9 in 20 overs.#CSKvRCB #VIVOIPL pic.twitter.com/PnMwbwdu9m — IndianPremierLeague (@IPL) May 5, 2018

17:26 IST: Four! Shardul bowls a low full toss outside off, Southee shuffles and goes for the scoop but misses. But the ball takes an outside edge and flies down the fine to third-man. Much-needed boundary for the visiting side.

17:25 IST: Six! Short delivery from Shardul and Southee clobbers him for a maximum.

17:24 IST: Welcome five runs for RCB. Southee goes for the flick, misses and the ball hits the pads and ricochets to the shot fine leg, who collects the ball and takes a shy at the stumps. However, there was no fielder backing up the throw and the ball rolled away to the ropes.

17:20 IST: Four! Southee welcomes Dwayne Bravo with a boundary. Bravo goes wide and full and Southee crunches the ball through the off side for a boundary.

17:18 IST: Four! Southee shuffles across the stumps, heaves and inside edges the ball in between his legs as the ball rolls away past the man at short fine. 100 comes up for RCB.

17:16 IST: Four more overs to go, can RCB put up a competitive total on board?

17:11 IST: Run-out! Chennai strike on the first ball after the strategic timeout. Umesh Yadav hits the ball straight to mid-off and takes a single but falls short of the crease. Horrible, horrible outing for the Virat Kohli-led team.

17:08 IST: Strategic timeout -- Royal Challengers Bangalore 89/7 (Umesh Yadav 1*, Tim Southee 2*) in 15 overs.

17:04 IST: OUT! David Willey gets his first wicket as Colin de Grandhomme departs in search of quick runs. RCB 87/7 in 14.1 overs.

17:03 IST: Ravindra Jadeja finishes the match with figures of 3/18.

17:00 IST: STUMPED! Harbhajan bowls wide of the off stumps, Murugan Ashwin leans forward to defend the ball, misses and Dhoni does the rest. RCB slump further.

16:57 IST: OUT! Ravindra Jadeja is on a roll today as he gets his third wicket. Parthiv Patel hits the full ball straight back to Jadeja, who takes a comfortable catch. RCB is a spot of bother now.

16:53 IST: Four! Colin de Grandhomme dances down the track and smacks Harbhajan Singh straight down the ground for a boundary. Shardul dives to cut the ball but fails. Great effort from the bowler.

16:51 IST: FIFTY! Parthiv Patel scores his 11th IPL fifty off 37 balls.

16:50 IST: OUT! Jadeja slides the ball in and Mandeep Singh sweeps the ball straight to backward square leg, who takes a comfortable catch. No celebration from Jadeja yet again.

16:45 IST: Four! Harbhajan fires the ball in, Parthiv makes room and cuts the ball between backward point and short third for a boundary. Top shot from the left-handed batsman as he is nearing his 11th IPL fifty.

16:41 IST: Strategic timeout -- Royal Challengers Bangalore 61/3 (Parthiv 41*, Mandeep Singh 3*)

16:37 IST: No celebrations from Jadeja here as he gets the crucial wicket of Virat Kohli.

No celebrations from Jadeja here as he gets the crucial wicket of the #RCB Skipper.#CSKvRCB pic.twitter.com/1U4KdKDrlv — IndianPremierLeague (@IPL) May 5, 2018

16:35 IST: STUMPED! Harbhajan Singh, the new bowler in, gets the big wicket of AB de Villiers. Harbhajan slides the ball down on the leg side, de Villiers looking to sweep, misses and Dhoni does the rest. Calm and composed as usual. Chennai Super Kings have the upper hand in the game early.

16:33 IST: Jadeja bowls a brilliant first over, conceded four runs and dismissed the big fish Kohli.

16:29 IST: OUT! Jadeja, the new bowler in, dismisses Virat Kohli on his first ball. Quicker delivery from Jadeja, Kohli was looking to cut, misses and the ball crashes into the off and middle stump. Both Jadeja and Kohli are in disbelief.

16:28 IST: Four! Ngidi bowls full and wide and Parthiv crashes the ball through the off for a boundary. That was powerfully hit. RCB 47/1 in 6 overs.

16:26 IST: Six! Parthiv Patel reads the Lungi Ngidi cutter nicely, shuffles and lifts the ball for a maximum over backward square.

16:24 IST: Shardul concedes eight runs in his first over.

16:22 IST: Trivia -- Shardul had dismissed Kohli in their previous meeting. Can Shardul repeat the feat again?

16:21 IST: Four! Virat Kohli gets his first boundary of the night. Full delivery from Shardul and Kohli slaps the ball straight over the bowler's head for a boundary.

16:20 IST: Shardul Thakur introduced in the bowling attack.

16:19 IST: Royal Challengers Bangalore 29/1 after the 4th over.

16:14 IST: Six! Parthiv Patel dances down the track and slams David Willey straight down the ground for the first maximum of the match. Effortless.

16:10 IST: Four! Back-to-back boundaries from Parthiv Patel off Lungi Ngidi will definitely take the pressure off the visiting team after losing an important wicket. RCB 17/1 after the second over.

16:09 IST: Virat Kohli is the new man in.

16:08 IST: OUT! Slower delivery from Lungi Ngidi does the track. McCullum fails to read the slower ball, makes room for himself, flat bats the ball and sends it high up in the air. Shardul Thakur at mid-wicket takes the catch on the second attempt. McCullum departs for 5.

16:05 IST: Royal Challengers Bangalore 7/0 after the first over.

16:04 IST: Four! Short of length outside off and McCullum uses his hands to guide the ball between the backward point and short third to collect his first boundary of the evening.

16:00 IST: First ball -- Willey bowls back of a length delivery down the leg side, Parthiv tries to work the ball around, misses and gets rapped on the pads.

15:59 IST: David Willey opening the bowling for Chennai. Parthiv Patel and Brendon McCullum opening the batting for Bangalore.

15:58 IST: Right then, it is game time.

15:40 IST: CSK and RCB playing XI:

Chennai Super Kings: Shane Watson, Ambati Rayudu, Suresh Raina, MS Dhoni(w/c), Dhruv Shorey, Ravindra Jadeja, Dwayne Bravo, David Willey, Harbhajan Singh, Lungi Ngidi, Shardul Thakur

Royal Challengers Bangalore: Parthiv Patel(w), Brendon McCullum, Virat Kohli(c), AB de Villiers, Mandeep Singh, Colin de Grandhomme, Tim Southee, Murugan Ashwin, Umesh Yadav, Mohammed Siraj, Yuzvendra Chahal

15:34 IST: Virat Kohli -- We'd have bowled first as well. Good wicket, so we will try to put some runs on the board. I think we're getting momentum at the right time. Last 3 games have been really good. Really happy about where we are placed as a team. AB de Villiers is in for de Kock, Parthiv is in for Vohra and M Ashwin comes in for Washington Sundar.

15:32 IST: Dhoni -- We will bowl first. The wicket doesn't change. Hopefully it'll only get slightly better. Somebody will have to step up and own that responsibility. Chahar is injured, so it gives us an opportunity to try other players before the serious part of the tournament. Faf misses out and Willey comes in, Karn misses out (for Dhruv Shorey), Asif misses out for Shardul.

15:30 IST: Chennai Super Kings captain MS Dhoni wins toss, elects to field vs Royal Challengers Bangalore.

15:20 IST: We are moments away from the toss, stay tuned.

15:05 IST: Chennai Super Kings all ready to host Royal Challengers Bangalore

It's Match 35 of #VIVOIPL where the @ChennaiIPL are all set to take on the @RCBTweets. Who's your pick for the day?



vspic.twitter.com/2erTthvJSf — IndianPremierLeague (@IPL) May 5, 2018

15:00 IST: Hello and welcome to the live blog of the match between Chennai Super Kings vs Royal Challengers Bangalore straight from Pune.

While RCB are in the fifth spot, having won three of their eight matches, CSK are still in a comfortable position in second position with six wins from nine games. A comprehensive eight-wicket defeat against MI on April 28 followed by the six-wicket hammering by the Kolkata Knight Riders on Thursday night has shown chinks in the CSK armour, especially in bowling.

The Chennai batsmen are on song and most are among runs with Ambati Rayudu, Australian Shane Watson, West Indian Dwayne Bravo, skipper Dhoni and Suresh Raina contributing when the team needed. Rayudu, especially, has batted well both as an opener and at number four, scoring 391 runs so far.

RCB too have some batting woes to overcome with only Kohli performing consistently, amassing 449 runs in nine matches. They will be eager to put South African batsman A B de Villiers, who has scored 280 runs in six games, back on the field. He has missed out games due to fever. These two batsmen are crucial to RCB's hopes. They also require Quinton de Kock (201 runs in 8 games) and Brendon McCullum (122 runs in 5 games), who are yet to play to their potential, to chip in.

RCB's primary headache has been their death bowling as they have leaked runs in this phase. Umesh Yadav (11 wickets) and Yuzvendra Chahal (7 wickets) have stamped their class, but Mohammad Siraj and Washington Sunder (four wickets) have performed below par.

Teams:

Chennai Super Kings: MS Dhoni (capt), Suresh Raina, Ravindra Jadeja, Faf du Plessis, Harbhajan Singh, Dwayne Bravo, Shane Watson, Ambati Rayudu, KM Asif, Kanishk Seth, Lungi Ngidi, Dhruv Shorey, Murali Vijay, Sam Billings, Mark Wood, Kshitiz Sharma, Monu Kumar, Chaitanya Bishnoi, Imran Tahir, Karn Sharma, Shardul Thakur, N Jagadeesan, David Willey.

Royal Challengers Bangalore: Virat Kohli (capt), Quinton de Kock, Brendon McCullum, AB de Villiers, Sarfraz Khan, Mandeep Singh, Chris Woakes, Washington Sundar, Umesh Yadav, Yuzvendra Chahal, Colin de Grandhomme, Moeen Ali, Pawan Negi, Mohammed Siraj, Corey Anderson, Parthiv Patel, Tim Southee.After the introduction of Pro Kabaddi League, practitioners of the sport have become stars in their own right, a scene which was unthinkable in the past, said India captain Anup Kumar to Kapil Dev in an exclusive interaction for NDTV. India will play in a 12-team Kabaddi World Cup, starting in India on October 7.NASA's InSight will reveal how rocky planets like the Earth formed billions of years ago (Reuters)

The InSight probe will liftoff from Vandenberg Air Force Base (Reuters)

NASA’s InSight spacecraft, is destined for the Elysium Planitia region, located in Mars’ northern hemisphere (Reuters)

How did rocky planets like Mars & Earth form? Our @NASAInSight lander just launched to the Red Planet at 7:05am ET to search for answers to this question by measuring the planet's "vital signs:". Get the details: https://t.co/d9De5p2Fe0pic.twitter.com/kVQ9WGpolX — NASA (@NASA) May 5, 2018

NASA on Saturday blasted off its latest Mars lander, InSight, designed to perch on the surface and listen for "Marsquakes" ahead of eventual human missions to explore the Red Planet."Three, two, one, liftoff!" said a NASA commentator as the spacecraft launched on a dark, foggy morning atop an Atlas V rocket at 4:05 am Pacific time (1105 GMT) from Vandenberg Air Force Base in California, marking NASA's first interplanetary launch from the US west coast.The $993 million project aims to expand human knowledge of interior conditions on Mars, inform efforts to send human explorers there, and reveal how rocky planets like the Earth formed billions of years ago.If all goes as planned, the lander should settle on the Red Planet on November 26.Its name, InSight, is short for Interior Exploration using Seismic Investigations, Geodesy and Heat Transport.NASA chief scientist Jim Green said experts already know that Mars has quakes, avalanches and meteor strikes."But how quake-prone is Mars? That is fundamental information that we need to know as humans that explore Mars," Green said.The key instrument on board is a seismometer, called the Seismic Experiment for Interior Structure, made by the French Space Agency.After the lander settles on the Martian surface, a robotic arm is supposed to emerge and place the seismometer directly on the ground.The second main instrument is a self-hammering probe that will monitor the flow of heat in the planet's subsurface.Called the Heat Flow and Physical Properties Package, it was made by the German Space Agency with the participation of the Polish Space Agency.The probe will bore down 10 to 16 feet (three to five meters) below the surface, NASA said, 15 times deeper than any previous Mars mission.Understanding the temperature on Mars is crucial to NASA's efforts to send people there by the 2030's, and how much a human habitat might need to be heated under frigid conditions, said Green.Daytime summer temperatures near the Martian equator may reach 70 degrees Fahrenheit (20 degrees C), but then plunge by night to -100 F (-73 C)."It is an important part of knowledge of how this planet is evolving," Green said."We have to be able as humans living and working on Mars to survive that."The solar and battery-powered lander is designed to operate for 26 Earth months, or one year on Mars, a period in which it is expected to pick up as many as 100 quakes."Hopefully it will last a lot longer than that," said Tom Hoffman, InSight project manager from NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory.The spacecraft was initially supposed to launch in 2016 but had to be delayed after temperature tests showed a problem with part of the seismometer, which engineers have since fixed.InSight aims to be the first NASA spacecraft to land on Mars since the Curiosity rover in 2012. "There is nothing routine about going to Mars, especially landing on Mars," said Stu Spath, InSight program manager at Lockheed Martin Space.Palpreet Singh , winner of National Finals of ACG-NBA Jump, India's first national basketball talent search program, was selected 11th in the fourth Round of the NBA D-League Draft held in New York.

The 21-year old was drafted by the Long Island Nets, affiliate team of the NBA's Brooklyn Nets, yesterday.

The 6ft 9in hoopster, who has been training at the New York Athletic Club in Manhattan, said he had trained hard and was confident of getting picked by a D League team in the draft.

"I am happy with the efforts I have put in and I will continue to work hard with Long Island Nets as this is just the beginning."

Palpreet, who impressed NBA champion Brian Shaw in the national finals of the 2016 ACG NBA Jump program held in February, was part of the 2016 NBA D-League National Tryouts held on August 14 in New York. More than 200 pro basketball prospects showcased their skills in front of NBA D-League player personnel executives, coaches, and industry scouts that day.

Palpreet Singh was discovered as part of an NBA talent search in India. There are more NBA talent searches planned in India and other countries as part of the league's ongoing international initiatives. The NBA is devoted to identifying and developing talent abroad both on and off the floor.

The NBA D-League's 16th season tips off on Nov. 11 with record 22 teams. The teams will hold training camps beginning on Oct. 31, and will trim their rosters to 10 players on Nov. 10, in advance of the start of the season. The Long Island Nets will play in the Eastern Conference's Atlantic Division, along with the Maine Red Claws (Boston Celtics), Westchester Knicks (New York Knicks), Raptors 905 (Toronto Raptors), Delaware 87ers (Philadelphia 76ers) and Erie BayHawks (Orlando Magic).

Satnam Singh, who became the first Indian to be drafted into the NBA when he was selected 52nd overall by the Dallas Mavericks in the 2015 NBA Draft, represents the Texas Legends, the minor league affiliate of the Dallas Mavericks.When actress Sonakshi Sinha says she's become 'indifferent' to questions about her weight, it's a sad commentary on how insidious the objectification and sexualization of women in showbiz is. While both male and female celebrities work on their fitness equally, the standards of beauty imposed on actresses are demanding at best, unrealistic at worst. The scrutiny they are subjected to is both intense and constant and with social media, the criticism is free-flowing. Actresses like Aishwarya Rai Bachchan have been slammed for not shedding post-pregnancy weight quick enough to appear at events like the Cannes Film Festival looking slim and trim - luckily, if you are Aishwarya, the fat-shaming doesn't bother you.

If you are Sonakshi Sinha, you become resigned to being asked about the way you look. Sonakshi has yo-yoed between sizes and while we'd never call her fat, she's been bigger than she is now. Gym videos posted on social media prove how hard the actress has worked on being the best, or the fittest at least, version of herself and Sonakshi's weight loss journey is certainly inspiring.

A post shared by Sonakshi Sinha (@aslisona) on Apr 16, 2018 at 6:48am PDT

The actress, who recently walked the ramp at the launch of Streax Professional's Spring Summer 2018 Collection 'Marigold' in an orange floor-sweeping gown, spoke out about being subjected to body shaming and sent out a strong message looking deeper than appearances. "We should tell the audience to rise above looks and delve deeper into an artist's work. Honestly that is something I have advocated since the starting of my career," Sonakshi said, reports news agency IANS.

A post shared by Sonakshi Sinha (@aslisona) on May 1, 2018 at 7:21am PDT

"I have been body shamed quite a bit but I have learnt to move ahead of that because that is what I have always believed in. Being true to yourself is important. It's really not about how you look but what work you do and how many people you reach out to," she added, reports IANS.

Sonakshi has, of course, undergone an amazing transformation in her attempt to get fit and stay healthy. She doesn't believe in size zero but through her Instagram posts is seen sweating it out in the gym to get stronger and better than before.

A post shared by Sonakshi Sinha (@aslisona) on Mar 5, 2018 at 8:51pm PST

While the media waited for a conversation with the actress at the event, who had flown in from Kuala Lumpur, there was chatter about Sonakshi's weight loss and "sculpted body". On asking her if such comments on weight annoy her, she answered, "I have been answering questions on my weight loss for so long that I have become indifferent to them. There are certain things that seem odd at that moment, but I am kind of used to it."

"And it's okay, it's part of my profession. These are very basic things that people are interested in, which is why they ask. They are, I guess, the most obvious questions in people's minds," added the actress, who will next be seen in Happy Phirr Bhaag Jaayegi, Kalank and Dabangg 3.

Well, like they say, haters will be haters. There's a lesson here that we all need to learn from Sonakshi, and that is to move on and remember that we are much more than how we look.

Inputs from IANSAfter a career-pausing break and motherhood, will Sania Mirza bounce back to the tennis court for the 2020 Tokyo Olympics? It's a long way off, feels the former doubles World No 1 who says resuming her game is a priority as soon as the pregnancy is done . She wants to set an example that people shouldn't give up dreams just because they're pregnant. Sania and her cricketer husband Shoaib Malik, who got married in 2010, announced her pregnancy last month.

"It was just about time... I was down with my knee injury anyway and we had been thinking about it for a while... We thought it was a good time to start a family and experience this new phase of our lives," Sania told IANS over phone from Hyderabad.

The tennis ace is suffering from a condition called jumper's knee, which has kept her off the game for over six months. She even missed the Australian Open earlier this year.

Is the knee any better?

"It definitely is. I haven't played since mid-October, so it has been a solid six months and more. Rest was something everyone was recommending... So, I won't say it's perfect, but it's better," said the sportswoman, who finds it difficult to rest.

Will she compete at the 2020 Olympics?

"The 2020 Olympics is a long way off. I've said this many times that as tennis players, we wish we knew what our lives brought us tomorrow. Having said that though, it definitely looks very doable right now. But one has to wait and watch where life really takes you. Most definitely, I would say coming back to playing is priority as soon as the pregnancy is done," said the 31-year-old, who is due to deliver her first child in October.

She is not letting weight woes worry her.

"Weight is so superficial. For a woman, it's all about embracing the pregnancy. When you're pregnant, what's most important is having a healthy baby. I really want women to understand that whether you're a celebrity or not, it doesn't matter. You are going to get bigger when you're pregnant and you will lose the weight as long as you want to."

Sania, whose baby's surname would be Mirza-Malik -- an amalgam of the last names of both the parents -- is confident she won't let motherhood hold her back in her career.

"Pregnancy is not something that holds you back in any way. It's very empowering and is something that is part of being a woman and it's something I always looked forward to... having a family... (I knew) tennis is something that will take a backseat eventually.

"My goal is obviously to come back and that's the most important thing. Of course, my kid is very important in my life right now, but after that, I would like to come back to playing because it's an example I'd like to set for my kid as well that you don't give up on your dreams just because you're pregnant," said the youth icon, adding: "I am young enough to come back and still play and be the best that I can be."

Does she see anyone capable of taking over her mantle in the domestic circuit?

Sania laughed and said: "I mean, I don't know... I am pregnant, so hopefully someone can. I think there are a couple of young girls who are quite good. There's Ankita Raina, Karman Kaur Thandi and Prarthana Thombare... These are the girls who are the next generation. They are 23, 24 years old, and these are the girls I've seen since they were 16 or 17.

"They are going to be in the race, whether it's today, tomorrow or when I am done and retired. So hopefully, one of them will come out. It's about making that next big step... A few more things if they fall into place, we will have one of them come out."

Overall, the star athlete is quite buoyed by the success of women in the global sports arena of late.

"It's pretty incredible as we come from a culture where sports is not the first profession that people think of putting their child in... Things are obviously changing... There's still a long way to go, but it has changed a lot, at least since I started playing tennis.

"Today, a parent is putting the confidence in their child, a girl or a boy -- a girl more I think -- that they can be a professional athlete, and it doesn't have to be their second job," she said, adding that Indian athletes' performance at the Commonwealth Games this year is proof that "we're moving in the right direction".The Indian-arm of German automaker, Mercedes-Benz India has finally launched the most powerful E-Class in India, the AMG E 63 S 4Matic+ at a price of ₹ 1.5 crore (ex-showroom, India). After the Maybach S650, the new S-Class facelift and the GLS Grand Edition, the AMG E 63 S 4Matic+ is the German carmakers fourth launch of the year. The AMG E 63 S 4Matic+ is the top-of-the-line E-Class and believe us when we say this, it can do 0-100kmph in a claimed time of 3.4 seconds. This makes the AMG E 63 S 4Matic+ faster than the AMG GT R, which was recently launched in India. In terms of competition, the AMG E 63 S 4Matic+ has only one competition in India currently, and it is none other than the BMW M5.

(The matte-black AMG 20-inch alloy wheels that really steal the show)

Also Read: Mercedes-AMG E 63 S 4Matic+ India Launch Live

First off, let's talk about the visual treat. Mercedes-AMG has retained some of the exterior profile from the standard E-Class on the AMG E 63 S 4Matic+. The smooth character lines are also retained from the standard E-Class. However, up front, the AMG Panamericana radiator grille is new, while the front bumper is also refreshed. It houses the slightly larger air intakes and the sporty exhaust setup at the back. The wheel arches are also slightly wider, half an inch to be precise, from the standard E-Class, but it's the matte-black AMG 20-inch alloy wheels that really steal the show. The side sill panels makes the AMG E 63 S 4Matic+ appear to sit even lower on the road and elongate the overall line. The rear end gets clearly defined spoiler lip in the color of the vehicle on the boot lid, the rear apron with diffuser-look inserts, and the two bright chrome-plated twin tailpipe trim elements on the selectable sports exhaust system. It also features a trim strip in silver chrome on the rear apron.

(Mercedes-AMG E 63S 4Matic+ interior)

Also Read: Mercedes-AMG E63 And E63 S Sedans Revealed With 4Matic AWD System And Drift Mode

At heart is where all the power lies. The AMG E 63 S 4Matic+ gets a meaty AMG 4.0-litre twin-turbo V8 engine that has the ability to produce 603bhp of max power and develops 850Nm of peak torque making it the most powerful E-Class ever made. It can reach a top speed of 249kmph, but with the AMG Driver's package, the AMG E 63 S 4Matic+ can accelerate to 300bhp. The powerful engine comes mated to a nine-speed AMG Speedshift dual-clutch transmission and gets the AMG Performance 4MATIC+ all-wheel drive system.

(Mercedes-AMG E 63S 4Matic+)

Adding thrill to the AMG E 63 S 4Matic+ is a feature called the Drift Mode, which is an electromechanically controlled coupling that connects the rear axle to the front axle. This is then calculated continuously according to the driving conditions and driver's input and is where drift mode comes into its own. Activate the Drift mode in the 'Race' drive program using the shift paddles, provided that ESP is deactivated and the transmission is in manual mode. When drift mode is activated, the AMG E 63 S 4MATIC+ becomes a purely rear-wheel drive vehicle. Drift mode remains engaged until the driver deactivates it again.

For the latest auto news and reviews, follow CarAndBike on Twitter, Facebook, and subscribe to our YouTube channel.01

Source: Photo: Varinder Chawla

Kajol visited Karan Johar, her friend-turned-foe-turned-friend, on Thursday evening. The actress was spotted exiting KJo's apartment building.



Karan Johar has directed Kajol in films such as Kuch Kuch Hota Hai and Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham...Shubhankar Sharma has taken the world of golf by storm with two European tour win and two top 10 finishes in two consecutive weeks. He is also the first Indian to be invited to play at the Augusta Masters. The performances have had a definite impact on Indian golf. Here's how.Mother’s Day is the perfect occasion to thank your mother for all her love and care. Celebrate Mom and her special day with a gift of art that she would cherish forever. Here is our gift guide of eye-catching, colourful and vibrant fine art prints that would make your Mum’s heart melt.

1. Ma and Child by Animesh Roy

Ma and Child by Animesh Roy

This expressive artwork by Animesh Roy captures the emotional bond between a mother and child beautifully. Wouldn’t it be an ideal gift to thank her for all her love and care?

2. Joy by Janki Injety

Joy by Janki Injety

One of the most magical depictions of the bond between a mother and child is the image of a mother with a small baby. Janaki Injety captures this moment in this muted colours print.

3. Mixed Bouquet-I by O Toole

Mixed Bouquet-I by O Toole

Gift your mother flowers that will live forever. Fresh flowers are the best way to express your love, but some floral art is definitely a gift whose beauty remains forever. What mother wouldn’t love this delightful splash of colour?

4. Magic Tree and Blue Sky by Priyanka Waghela

Magic Tree and Blue Sky by Priyanka Waghela

This magical art print will fill in your mother’s home decor with some fantasy. If your mother is a nature lover then this is a perfect gift idea for her.

5. Child Taking Rest in the Nest by Shiv Kumar Soni

Child Taking Rest in the Nest by Shiv Kumar Soni

The most peaceful place in the world lies in a mother’s care. Shiv kumar Soni, through his depiction of a child resting in a nest, brings out the same emotion. Isn’t it a wonderful gift for mom to tell her what it means to have her around?Chennai Super Kings (CSK) climbed to the top of the points table with a comfortable six-wicket victory over Royal Challengers Bangalore (RCB) in an Indian Premier League (IPL) match on Saturday. Having elected to field on winning the toss, CSK restricted the visitors to 127/9 in their 20 overs. In reply, while Shane Watson departed early, opener Ambati Rayudu laid the foundation of a successful foundation with a brilliant 32 off 25 balls. CSK captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni hit Chahal three consecutive sixes in the 18th over of the match to lead his team to a victory.

Earlier, CSK produced a magnificent bowling performance as thet restricted Royal Challengers Bangalore (RCB) to a meagre 127/9 in 20 overs. MS Dhoni winning the toss, put RCB to bat as the home team bowlers ran through the famed RCB batting line-up quickly to gain an upper hand in the game early. Brendon McCullum, Virat Kohli and AB de Villiers were dismissed cheaply while Parthiv Patel was the sole fighter who scored a brilliant 53. Chennai spinners -- Ravindra Jadeja and Harbhajan Singh -- shared five wickets between them as they spun a web around the visitors.

However, Tim Southee provided a final flourish in the dying moments of the game to help his team cross the three figure back. Apart from this he strung together a 34-run partnership in the end with Mohammed Siraj. For Chennai, Jadeja was the pick of the bowlers as he finished with figures of 3/18 in his stipulated overs. RCB will have to dig deep and produce a spirited performance to defeat the formidable CSK in order to make it to the play-offs. (Scorecard)

When and Where to Watch Chennai Super Kings (CSK) vs Royal Challengers Bangalore (RCB)

India: TV: Star Sports 1, Star Sports 1 HD (English, Hindi, Tamil). Live Streaming: Hotstar.

UK: TV: Sky Sports 2. Live Streaming: Sky Go and Watch Sky Sports.

Bangladesh: TV: GTV and Star Sports.

USA: TV: Willow TV. Live Streaming: Willow TV Live Online.

Australia: TV: Fox Sports. Live Streaming: Foxtel.

New Zealand: TV: Sky Sport 1. Live Streaming: Sky Go NZ.

South Africa: TV: SuperSport 2. Live Streaming: SuperSport Live Video.

Middle East: TV: OSN Sports Cricket. Live Streaming: OSN Play.

Singapore: TV: Star Cricket.Delhi Daredevils defeated Rajasthan Royals by 4 runs (D/L) to rise one spot in the points table, at the Feroz Shah Kotla stadium on Wednesday. Delhi's third win of the tournament came in a rain-affected clash that was first reduced to 18 overs a side, and then left Rajasthan facing a steep 12-over chase of 151.Two Malaysian badminton players have been hit with career-ending bans of 20 and 15 years respectively after being found guilty of corruption and match-fixing, the sport's governing body said Wednesday. The Badminton World Federation (BWF) said former world junior champion Zulfadli Zulkiffli, 25, was banned for 20 years and fined $25,000, while Tan Chun Seang, 31, was barred for 15 years and fined $15,000. They were found guilty of breaching the BWF code of conduct in relation to "betting, wagering and irregular match results", said a statement from the body. A BWF ethics panel, which held hearings in February in Singapore into the case, found both players "engaged in corruption offences over a significant period and a significant number of tournaments" dating back to 2013.

Zulfadli committed more violations over a longer period and it was proven he had manipulated the results of four matches, the BWF said.

Their suspension began from January 12, the date on which both players were provisionally suspended by the BWF.

Neither player is affiliated with the Badminton Association of Malaysia (BAM), but Tan was in Malaysia's squad for the prestigious Thomas Cup in 2010.

He was banned by the BAM from competing in Asian tournaments for two years after quitting the national team in 2011.

In 2011, Zulfadli beat current world champion Viktor Axelsen of Denmark to clinch the World Junior Championships.

Badminton has been hit by cheating scandals before.

At the 2012 Olympics, eight women's doubles players were disqualified for trying to lose group games to gain an easier quarter-final draw.

And in 2014 the BWF asked police to investigate claims by two Danish players, Hans-Kristian Vittinghus and Kim Astrup, that they were approached by a Malaysian man to throw matches.

Malaysian badminton was previously hit by controversy in 2015, when former world number one Lee Chong Wei received an eight-month ban for doping.

Sports Minister Rajyavardhan Singh Rathore on Monday said that he will not hesitate to sack his officials if they delay sanction of incentives for athletes but also warned against false accusations. Speaking at a felicitation function for the Commonwealth Games medal winners, Rathore said there was no dearth of money in Indian sports but the funds will have to be used for justified purposes by both the athletes as well as the federations.

"The officials in sports ministry and Sports Authority of India have been tasked to attend to your requirements and resolve your issues at the earliest. At any point in time if I hear that sportspersons are having issues in getting these incentives and funds there are few heads that will roll," the minister said.

"But before you (athlete) make any accusation, please be very sure that there was an error on our part and not on your part. There was this case that came to me, an athlete was complaining that he or she was not getting the incentive money. I was about to suspend one of my officers but later found out that the money was allotted to that athlete one year ago," he said.

India won 66 medals (26 gold, 20 silver, 20 bronze) in the Gold Coast CWG. In total 70 athletes won medals, counting the mixed team and doubles events in some disciplines. Rathore gave away the financial incentives to the medal winners in the presence of Indian Olympic Association President Narinder Batra.

Most of the top athletes, including MC Mary Kom, Sushil Kumar, Saina Nehwal, P V Sindhu, Mirabai Chanu, Neeraj Kumar, Manu Bhaker, Anish Bhanwala and Jitu Rai turned up. The likes of Manika Batra and Heena Sidhu did not come because of their prior engagements.

The individual gold winners received Rs 30 lakh each while the silver and bronze medallists got Rs 20 lakh and Rs 10 lakh respectively. All the medal winners of team events got varying amount of money in different disciplines.

Rathore also said the functioning of the IOA and the National Sports Federations has improved but the funds allocated to them by the ministry should be properly spent.

"I am getting a very positive sense from Mr. Batra. He is already changing things within the IOA. The way IOA used to function that is not going to happen. Similarly some of the NSF heads are brilliant and they are doing a very good job.

"We will work in close coordination with them (IOA and NSFs). But each NSF or the their coaches need to justify with logic that every penny being spent is being used to its optimum.

"There is no dearth of resources in India and we are ready to open our finances for the use of the athletes but these spendings will have to by justified," Rathore, an Olympic silver medallist shooter, said.

The minister said strong performance by the Indian athletes at international events also reflects the soft power status of the country.

"When the National Flag is unfurled and the National Anthem is sung anywhere in the world (in a sports event), every Indian feels proud and it also shows the soft power status of the country.

"I have always said the Indians have tremendous potential to do well at the international stage even in strength-based disciplines. I don't agree with the concept that Indians are good at only skill-based games. I want to ensure that you get every facility that is required to be provided to you," said Rathore.

Earlier in the morning the, the medal winners interacted with Prime Minister Narendra Modi at his official residence. They also interacted with President Ram Nath Kovind later in the day.Ravindra Jadeja was adjudged Man of the Match as he finished with figures of 3/18.(Photo courtesy: BCCI)After a decade in the top flight Stoke City were relegated from the Premier League on Saturday when they blew a one goal lead to lose 2-1 at home to Crystal Palace. Paul Lambert's side are second bottom, three points from the safety zone, but with only one game remaining they are doomed. With fourth-bottom Swansea and third-bottom Southampton playing each other in midweek, it is impossible for Stoke to collect enough points to avoid slipping into the Championship. Stoke spent 10 seasons in the Premier League , but a run of 13 games without a victory ensured that streak is over.

Stoke goalkeeper Jack Butland was in tears at the final whistle and City fans were just as emotional as the realisation of their team's relegation sank in.

Hundreds left the bet365 stadium in the closing minutes before those that remained sang "City til I die" in a defiant rallying cry.

Stoke captain Ryan Shawcross conceded the players had only themselves to blame.

"It's difficult obviously but it's not just about one game. It's over a season and we've not been good enough all season," he said.

"Ultimately it's down to the players. Since the gaffer has come in we've had a right go and been in every game."

The blame for Stoke's predicament lies jointly with Lambert and Mark Hughes, who was sacked in January after a wretched run culminated with an embarrassing FA Cup third round defeat against fourth tier Coventry.

"My emotions are up and down. It is a tough afternoon. I am feeling for everyone connected with the club," Lambert said.

"When teams don't get results you can be sleep-walking into positions you don't want to be in. We never had enough.

"Since I came in the lads have given everything but we came short. It is a chance to rebuild."

The Potters won their first match with Lambert in charge against Huddersfield, but that was a false dawn as they remained deep in trouble for the rest of the season.

Hughes could suffer the indignity of having a role in two relegations in one season as his Southampton side, who face Everton later on Saturday, are in severe trouble themselves.

Xherdan Shaqiri had described the Palace clash as "a war we have to win" and the Stoke star landed the first blow in the 43rd minute.

Having been fouled on the edge of the penalty area, Shaqiri picked himself up and exacted his revenge.

Shaqiri's superb left-footed free-kick took a slight deflection off Palace midfielder Ruben Loftus-Cheek as it curled past Wayne Hennessey before he could react.

It was the Swiss forward's first goal since February and he celebrated by sprinting to the touchline to jump into Lambert's arms.

But Stoke's nerves were still frayed.

They couldn't cling onto their lead and Palace midfielder James McArthur equalised with a clinical finish in the 68th minute.

Forced to throw men forward in search of a winner, Lambert's side were carved open in the 86th minute as Patrick van Aanholt slotted home to seal Stoke's fate.Kolkata Knight Riders (KKR) vice captain Robin Uthappa feels that the team now has a strong core group of players who can deliver for the next 5-7 years. "I think we have got a side that can hold strong core for the next 5-7 years easily," Uthappa told KKR's official website on the eve of their Indian Premier League (IPL) away tie against Mumbai Indians ."So for me, I think that is commendable to have that kind of side. It's commendable to have decision maker to have such setup," he added talking about KKR having a young set of players this time and miminal squad. The likes of U-19 World Cup winners Shubman Gill and Shivam Mavi have done well so far for the two-time champions, while pacer Kamlesh Nagarkoti had to be ruled out of the competition due to injury.

Gill was instrumental in KKR's convincing six-wicket win over Chennai Super Kings in the previous encounter. The 18-year old, who was adjugded Player of the Tournament in the U-19 World Cup, remained unbeaten on 57 off 36 balls to guide the purple brigade to victory.

In the same match, Mavi bowled superbly, conceding just 21 runs in his three overs, although not getting a wicket.

The likes of unheralded Rinku Singh have also been picked up by the franchise underlining their desire to promote young talent.

Uthappa, who has been around since the inception of the IPL in 2008, said the game has changed a lot since the first year and has become more "power-oriented".

I think it's the way cricket is moving right now. If you look at it. It is becoming a sport that is more dynamic, that is more power-oriented. Cricket has changed from the time

"I started playing the IPL to where it is today. It has changed tremendously. We are at that stage where everything is growing and is learning to walk, and is just beginning to take strides and running.

"So I think, we are only going to see what it's going to be like in next five or 10 years, which will dictate what it's going to be in the next century," the 32-year old 2007 World T20 winner said.

With wicketkeeper batsman Dinesh Karthik taking over as the skipper from Gautam Gambhir this season, Uthappa has made way for the former behind the stumps.

Quizzed about his experience as an outfield player, the clean-hitting right-hander said, "I am loving it. I absolutely love fielding. It's a lot of fun. You are involved in the game so much more. You are running. You are trying to help out the bowler as much as you can.

"With every ball, you are in in the game. It's not like you are not when you are keeping. But you know, you are always in the move, which I enjoy completely."

Generally an important cog in KKR's wheel, Uthappa has failed to convert his starts this season, not scoring a fifty after nine games.

"Well I think, everything is going to reveal in the days to come. I would like my bat to speak, instead of me speaking," he said when asked about his pedestrian form.

KKR are third in the points table with 10 points from nine outings.Rangers on Friday unveiled former England and Liverpool midfielder Steven Gerrard as their new manager after they called a press conference at their Ibrox ground. According to reports, a three-year deal has been agreed that will see Gerrard , who has only previously worked with Liverpool's Under-18 team, take his first step into first-team management at the helm of the Scottish Premiership giants. Gerrard was an inspirational captain and Champions League winner in a 17-year career at Anfield but as a managerial rookie, the 37-year-old faces a huge challenge to compete with bitter rivals Celtic for domestic dominance in Scotland.

Celtic's 5-0 thrashing of Rangers on Sunday sealed a seventh straight Scottish Premiership title for the green-and-white side of Glasgow.

Gerrard also faces the challenge of outfoxing his former manager at Liverpool in Celtic's Brendan Rodgers.

In just under two years since taking charge at Celtic Park, Rodgers has won nine and drawn two of his 11 meetings with Rangers, with his side scoring 30 goals in the process.

The arrival of the former England captain would restore some star power to a league that has found it increasingly hard to attract and hold on to top players against the booming television revenues of the Premier League.

Rangers are still recovering from the fallout of their liquidation in 2012 and subsequent demotion to the fourth tier of Scottish football.

In their second season back in the top flight, Rangers trail Celtic by 13 points, and are locked in a battle with Aberdeen and Hibernian just to finish second.

Rangers fans excited by the prospect of Gerrard's arrival have cited his stature as aiding the Ibrox club's ability to recruit a better quality player in what is expected to be a busy transfer window.

But Rangers still have to overcome a huge financial disparity with Celtic. Bolstered by revenue from the Champions League, Celtic's 122 million US Dollars turnover last year was three times that of their Old Firm rivals.

Betting on an inexperienced manager with no previous ties to Scottish football is also seen as another huge risk taken by Rangers' beleaguered board.

Caretaker manager Graeme Murty, who had been promoted from his role as the club's under-20 coach, was sacked this week after six months in charge.After a career laden with belts, cash and kudos, boxing great Floyd Mayweather Jr retired undefeated over 50 fights -- but his flawless record faces an unlikely challenge from an obscure Thai fighter known as the " dwarf giant ". At 5ft 2in (1.57m) and weighing just 105lb (47.6kg), minimum-weight Wanheng Menayothin is shorter, leaner and significantly less wealthy than Mayweather, who briefly emerged from retirement last year to fight MMA star Conor McGregor for a $100 million purse. If Wanheng triumphs on Wednesday afternoon he will equal Mayweather's feat of winning 50 successive fights.

His WBC minimumweight belt is on the line against Panamanian challenger Leroy Estrada.

The fight, to be held outside the town hall of second-tier Thai city Nakhon Ratchasima, has none of the glitz or pay-per-view pull of a Mayweather bout in Las Vegas.

But still Wanheng will enter boxing lore with victory -- and, at 32 years of age, has time to go one better and match the 51 wins, one draw and no losses set by Mexican flyweight Ricardo Lopez.

It is not just the box office power that differentiates Mayweather from the Thai, who turned to the ring at the age of 12 as a path out of poverty.

While the prelude to Mayweather fights was defined by hype and trash-talking, Wanheng has adopted a more karmic approach.

"I'm not feeling pressured, you win and you lose, and that's the nature of sports," he said at his gym in Bangkok a few days before defending his title.

But he said he had trained hard with the aim of "equalling Floyd".

Nicknames also capture the difference between the pair.

- Numbers game -

In addition to "Money", the American fought under the moniker "Pretty Boy" and "The Best Ever", tags he still rolls out on a Twitter profile boasting more than eight million followers.

With Wanheng, it's more complicated.

Fighters in Thailand often compete under the label of their gym, which is where his second name Menayothin -- the name of his Bangkok gym -- comes from.

His legal name is Chayaphon Moonsri, while his most widely used nickname is the "dwarf giant" because of his small stature and powerful punches.

But the boxer also fights under the alias "Five-Star Grilled Chicken" as part of sponsorship deal with Thai food giant CP Chicken.

Should Wanheng win on Wednesday his name will enter the record books, but with an asterisk of sorts.

He has fought mostly low-profile Asian challengers on his home turf in Thailand.

His rivals have been a mixed bag -- one last year had 44 losses, while another in 2014 had 24.

In December he tied Rocky Marciano's 49-0 tally with a win over Japanese contender Tatsuya Fukuhara.

Mayweather, meanwhile, had a much tougher ride defeating some of the sport's all-time greats, including Manny Pacquiao and Oscar De La Hoya.

The welterweight has 27 KOs to Wanheng's 17.

"With respect to Wanheng he's never beaten anyone of note. In the west this fight will be nothing more than a trivial pursuit question," Anson Wainwright, a boxing correspondent for The Ring magazine, told AFP, adding that matching the record would nevertheless be a "good achievement."

Carlos Costa, a boxing reporter covering the fight, said the 23-year-old Estrada also poses a unique challenge to Wanheng, 32.

"He's younger and fresher," Costa said of Estrada. "He's hungry for glory, and that makes a boxer always dangerous."

And the Panamanian is in no mood to help Wanheng into the history books, telling AFP "this is my opportunity to be a champion".The prospect of seeing Michael Phelps race against a great white during "Shark Week" drew millions of viewers to Discovery Channel on Sunday night. It's safe to say that a large portion of that throng came away mightily disappointed that the Olympic superstar did not swim alongside an actual shark but rather a digitally-inserted predatory fish.

On Tuesday, Phelps took to Facebook to defend the show and to take issue with the "haters" criticizing him for participating in what they saw as a deceptively-advertised stunt. "Some people just decide not to listen to some of the things that we do, and that's not my fault that you don't do that," Phelps said in a nearly hour-long Q&A with his Facebook audience.

"It's pretty easy to open up your ears and listen to either what the TV is saying, what the announcers are saying, or what I'm saying in interviews," he added.

"You can believe whatever you want," Phelps told another Facebook user. "Everything was either presented on air during multiple interviews that I did throughout Shark Week or the beginning of the show. Sorry you feel that way.

"For me, this was something I always wanted to do, and I was honored to be able to do it. So, I'm sorry that you feel that way. I feel very different."

Phelps' point was that he had made it clear beforehand that he would not be in the water at the same time as the shark. A Vanity Fair article published two days before his special aired contained this passage: To be clear, Phelps will not be swimming in a pool, with a shark in an adjacent lane. (As the swimmer put it, "I don't think that would probably end very well.") Instead, the two will each swim 100 meters in the same open water, and their times will be compared.

Of course, not everyone read that story, or heard Phelps tell Jimmy Fallon much the same thing, before the much-hyped show. Some might have seen this Discovery promo, which does not make clear that Phelps would not, in fact, be competing head-to-head with a great white: "All the promotion, interviews and the program itself made clear that the challenge wasn't a side-by-side race," Discovery said in a statement.

"Everybody wants to pick on something or say something or complain about something, so . . . I had fun racing a shark, and seeing those animals up close and personal," Phelps said, once back on dry land and in front of his computer Tuesday.

"If somebody actually wants to get in the water and race side-by-side with a great white, go ahead. You're not going to get the shark to swim in a straight line.

"And, yeah, it would be interesting to see," he added with a chuckle. "We'll leave it at that."

Phelps did offer an apology of sorts, saying, "For those of you who are disappointed, I'm sorry for that." At other times in his Facebook session, though, he turned the criticism back on those who were calling him out.

"It's truly incredible watching some of the questions that these haters have out there," Phelps said. "I mean, it's shocking. . . . There's always somebody out there that's going to take a jab, or say something negative about you."World Youth Women's Boxing Championship is happening in India for the first time and five-time World Champion MC Mary Kom, who is also the ambassador of the tournament feels that this championship is a very good platform for the young boxers. She also said that the current boxers are getting a lot of facilities, which they never got during their time. "The current boxers are very lucky with the facilities they have been getting. They should world hard and do well," she said in an exclusive chat with NDTV.After disrupting the mobile network market, Reliance Jio is expected to launch its Jio Fiber fixed line broadband services soon. Reportedly in testing with since September 2016, and officially since last May with limited users in select cities, the company has been offering preview plans with free data to its fibre-to-the-home (FTTH) users. Now, a report claims the "initial plan" being offered to users now provides up to 1.1TB of data to users. Jio Fiber FTTH broadband services are currently in testing select markets including Ahmedabad, Chennai, Jamnagar, Mumbai, and New Delhi among others, with a commercial launch set for later this year. Reliance Industries Chairman Mukesh Ambani had in July last year said the Jio Fiber launch was "well on track".

According to a report by The Hindu, citing a person familiar with the development, the new initial plan being offered by Jio Fiber includes 100GB of free data per month at 100Mbps speed. Once this FUP is exhausted, customers can reportedly avail 40GB of free data in the form of top-ups, 25 times in a month - effectively obtaining 1,100GB or roughly 1.1TB of free data. It unclear if the remaining 1TB of data will be made available at the same 100Mbps speed. Reliance Jio is said to be in plans to publicly launch Jio Fiber services for both households and enterprise customers, eyeing 100 million television households across 30 cities. Previous preview plans were spotted as being made available for the first three months of usage, offering 100GB of free data per month at 100Mbps. Exceeding the 100GB FUP meant a drop to broadband speed of 1Mbps.

A Jio Fiber connection is said to be available in the initial markets at an interest-free security deposit of Rs. 4,500 that is refundable in nature. By paying the security deposit, Head of Strategy and Planning at Reliance Jio Anshuman Thakur told the newspaper that the company will install a Jio router, which can also be used as a set-top box to enable TV channels via IPTV services that are yet to be rolled out. Furthermore, the telco is already reported to have more than three lakh kilometres of optic fibre network across the country. This could help a faster rollout of the public release of Jio Fiber.

We've reached out to Reliance Jio for clarity on the availability of Jio Fiber and will update this space accordingly.

As per its latest quarterly results, the subscriber base of Reliance Jio reached 186.6 million in the first quarter of 2018, up from the 160.1 million subscriber base it had reported in the previous quarter. The company also added as many as 26.5 million new users in the first quarter."Our rate of progress in football has been slowest even compared to other Asian teams", is a modest analysis by none other than India's most capped footballer Sunil Chhetri. India stood 173rd in the FIFA ranking in March 2015 which was a far cry from its current 96th place thanks to the likes of Sunil Chhetri. This Army kid from Delhi followed the footsteps of his parents to take up professional football at the age of 17 and has come a long way since then to become the 4th highest goal scorer in the world. Did you know Sunil's mother and aunt played football for Nepal's national team. On this week's episode of Walk The Talk, watch this humble footballer narrate his rise to fame.OnePlus 6 launch is coming up on May 16 at an event planned in London, followed by events in China and India the next day. The company recently confirmed that a custom OnePlus 6 x Marvel Avengers Limited Edition will also be announced in India on May 17. With just a few days to go for the official unveiling, OnePlus has gone ahead and teased what is seemingly the retail box of this limited edition handset. Marvel's Avengers: Infinity War recently released in India on April 27. The OnePlus 6 price in India is said to start at Rs. 36,999 for the base 64GB variant.

As per a teaser on the OnePlus Weibo account, a snapshot of the OnePlus 6 x Marvel Avengers Limited Edition's retail box has been outed. The retail box shows an official logo of the Avengers on top, with OnePlus 6 and Marvel branding on the sides. Apart from that, there is no other information about the smartphone or bundled accessories. Recently, in yet another teaser, OnePlus had hinted that this limited edition variant will sport a textured back. Previously, OnePlus unveiled a Star Wars variant of the OnePlus 5T with custom branding and slight design changes.

OnePlus 6 rumoured specifications

As per rumours and confirmations, the OnePlus 6 will sport a 19:9 display with a notch on top. It will be powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 SoC, coupled with up to 8GB of RAM and up to 256GB of inbuilt storage. There is said to be a vertical dual rear camera setup, a rear-mounted fingerprint sensor, and wireless charging support (considering glass back confirmed) on the handset. A 3.5mm headphone jack has also been confirmed, apart from a display notch.

In terms of software, the OnePlus 6 might run OxygenOS on top of Android 8.1 Oreo out-of-the-box. An Android P update can be expected in the future. While exact battery capacity hasn't yet been revealed, the phone will most definitely have support for its proprietary Dash Charge feature, and the confirmation of a glass back indicates it will also support wireless charging."Trump Place": In 2016, some residents launched a petition to remove the name

A New York judge on Thursday ruled that residents in a luxury Manhattan apartment building can remove the Trump name from their facade, ruling against the US president's family real-estate firm.The complex at 200 Riverside Boulevard on the Upper West Side is one of a series of buildings in the US financial capital that Donald Trump helped develop decades ago and called "Trump Place," although he does not own them.When the board considered removing the signage over fears it might reduce their property values in largely Democrat New York, lawyers from the Trump Organization -- his umbrella company -- threatened legal action.The firm argued that the terms of their licensing agreement require the 46-floor building to display the Trump name, but New York Judge Eileen Bransten sided with the condo's board.Reading her decision from the bench in Manhattan, Bransten ruled that the license agreement does not obligate the building to display Trump signage.In 2016, some residents launched a petition even before Trump was elected president, demanding that his name be removed from the building to protest his treatment of women, attacks on immigrants and "history of racism."Since the Republican billionaire's election in 2016, three other buildings in New York have removed the Trump name, The Washington Post reported. The Trump Organization did not immediately respond to a request to comment.Oakland:

Powered by an amazing effort from LeBron James, the Cleveland Cavaliers completed the greatest comeback in NBA Finals history on Sunday, dethroning defending champion Golden State Warriors 93-89 to capture their first NBA title.



The Cavaliers won the best-of-seven series 4-3 to claim the first league crown in their 46-season history and deliver the first major sports champion to Cleveland since the 1964 NFL Browns, ending the longest such title drought for any American city.



James had 27 points, 11 rebounds and 11 assists, and Irving finished with 26 points for Cleveland, which erased a 3-1 series deficit to win the title.



Draymond Green had 32 points, 15 rebounds and nine assists for the Warriors, whose bid for back-to-back titles was thwarted. Golden State won an NBA-record 73 games in the regular season, then fell short in the playoffs. They went scoreless in the last three minutes of the final game.

"We were able to put together some spectacular games down 3-1," a tearful James said moments after the victory. "This is special.



"I kept that positive attitude. I don't know why we had to take the hard road. Against all odds."



'This is for you'



"Cleveland, this is for you," James screamed on the court after the frantic final seconds.



"King" James had only the third statistical "triple double" in the seventh game of an NBA Finals, joining Jerry West in 1969 and James Worthy in 1988.



James, in his sixth consecutive finals and seventh overall, led the series with 29.7 points, 11.3 rebounds and 8.7 assists plus more than two steals and two blocked shots a game -- the greatest all-around numbers ever produced with a crown on the line.



Only two other clubs down 3-1 in the finals had ever forced a seventh game, none in 50 years until the Cavaliers epic comeback.



It was only the fourth time in 19 NBA Finals seventh games that the road team won, the first time since Washington captured the 1978 title in Seattle.



Golden State suffered the worst choke in NBA Finals history after having won an NBA record 73 regular-season games.



"It sucks," said Draymond Green, who led the Warriors with 32 points. "It hurts to lose when you had a 3-1 lead."



The winner-take-all showdown captured the attention of US President Barack Obama, who watched the end of the game on Air Force One after returning from a family trip, and commanded high-priced fans, courtside tickets with a face value of USD 8,500 being resold for as much as USD 49,500.



Fans saw a thriller after six lopsided prior outcomes in the historic series.



James made three free throws and added a 3-pointer to give the Cavaliers an 89-87 lead, but Klay Thompson's layup lifted the Warriors level with 4:39 to play.



The teams each went six possessions without scoring after that, time and again thwarting their rivals until Irving's 3-pointer.



After another Cavaliers' stop, James was fouled by Green as he tried for a title-clinching slam dunk. Instead, he made a free throw to produce the final margin and the Warriors could not close the gap in the dying seconds.



The Warriors had not lost three games in a row since 2013.



NBA scoring leader Steph Curry had 17 points while fellow Warriors 3-point sharpshooter Thompson managed only 14.



The Warriors took their biggest lead at 54-46 but back-to-back 3-pointers by J.R. Smith and an Irving layup pulled the Cavaliers level early in the third quarter.



Curry scored the next five points but then went 0-for-4 with three turnovers over more than three minutes and Cleveland went on an 14-2 run, Irving scoring 10 in the spurt that gave the Cavaliers a 68-61 advantage.



Momentum swings



Back came Golden State, Green hitting three free throws and a 32-pointer in a 15-7 run to seize a 76-75 edge entering the fourth quarter after 17 lead changes and nine ties.



Green scored 22 first-half points, hitting 8-of-10 shots from the floor and 5-of-5 from 3-point range after an 0-for-10 showing from beyond the arc in his prior three games.



Green had four 3-pointers and a 3-point play in the second quarter and scored nine points in a 12-5 run that gave Golden State a 47-40 lead.



He also had six rebounds and five assists in sparking Golden State to a 49-42 half-time edge as Warriors top scorers Thompson and Curry combined to shoot 5-of-17 overall and 3-of-12 in 3-pointers.



James led the Cavaliers in the first half with 12 points, eight rebounds and five assists but also made four turnovers.The India's women's hockey team received a grand welcome following their Asia Cup 2017 triumph. Members of the victorious team and coach Harendra Singh, in an exclusive chat with NDTV, speak about the Asia Cup thriller and the road ahead for them in 2018.Debutant Gujarat FortuneGiants will hope to cap a memorable run in the Pro Kabaddi League Season Five with a triumph when they take on two-time defending champion Patna Pirates in the final at the Jawaharlal Nehru Indoor Stadium on Saturday. The Gujarat franchise outclassed Bengal Warriors 42-17 in Qualifier 1 to book a spot in the final while the Pirates rode on Pardeep Narwal's brilliance to fight their way into the summit clash. Narwal starred in the team's 47-44 win over Bengal Warriors in Qualifier 2. He has been in tremendous form for the Pirates and would definitely hold the key on Saturday.

Pirates captain Narwal said ahead of the final, "We started this season with only one goal in mind, to complete a hat-trick of titles for Patna Pirates."

"The journey has been great so far and I appreciate the effort put in by each and every member of the team, day in and day out. It's been a long and a fulfilling season for us with a lot of positives."

The Fortunegiants have a huge task at hand if they have to prevent their formidable rivals from making it three-in-a-row.

However, the team's captain Fazel Atrachali was upbeat ahead of the finale and said, "We have played as one, where everyone had amazing synergy with each other and successfully overcame the language barrier."

"We'll use the same strategy in the finals, with our eyes on the prize!"

The coach Manpreet Singh said, "A strong strategy is key to success in any sport. And that is a mantra that each team member of the Gujarat FortuneGiants follows. It a matter of pride that the team has reached the finals in our first year in the league."

Led by the dynamic Fazel Atrachali, the players have displayed great team work and strong sportsmanship. We have to now focus on winning the final."

The Pirates coach Ram Mehar Singh said Narwal had been the key player for the team, which had now set its sight on another title.

"Belief is all we started this season of Pro Kabaddi League with. With back to back wins in Season 3 and 4, the pressure on us to perform was immense. I really appreciate the way this young team has come through in such a high intensity environment and performed to their fullest."

Pardeep has been a revelation in the way he has led from the front with phenomenal performances throughout the season.

"Our eyes are firmly set on the title now and nothing less than a victory will satisfy the Pirates now," he said.

The final will get underway at 8 PM on Saturday.Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho took aim at his players for not having the required desire in a 0-1 defeat to Brighton on Friday that secured the Seagulls' place in the Premier League next season. Just over two weeks ahead of the FA Cup final against his old club Chelsea , United boss Mourinho made six changes and was punished as Pascal Gross's second-half header secured Brighton's first win over the Red Devils since 1982. "Today I think was a clear difference in the desire to fight for the targets," said Mourinho, whose side missed the chance to all but secure second place in the Premier League behind champions Manchester City .

"They clearly showed that, for them, it's more important for them to stay in the Premier League than for us to finish second. They showed it from the first minute, and we didn't show that.

"I am disappointed because second is important for me. I'm not sure every one of my players is disappointed."

Chants of "we are staying up" rang around a packed house at the Amex Stadium at full-time as victory moved Brighton up to 11th and more importantly eight points clear of the bottom three.

With third-bottom Southampton and 17th-placed Swansea to meet on Tuesday, Brighton now can't be relegated.

"I felt that we've deserved to stay in this league for our season's work," said Brighton boss Chris Hughton.

"But if we'd lost today and the next two, it would have been a real feeling of injustice had we gone down. So relief that we've done it now, but I'm also really proud of a group of players."

By contrast, defeat means United must wait to secure second as they remain five points clear of Liverpool with Tottenham a point further adrift.

United were without either of the injured Romelu Lukaku or Alexis Sanchez, and their firepower was missed as Anthony Martial and Marcus Rashford failed to make the most of rare chances to start up front.

'I know my players better'

"For many months you are always asking me why this player doesn't play? Why that player doesn't play? Why this player is on the bench? Why always Lukaku?" added Mourinho.

"I know my players better than you, and probably you don't know them so well to be always with these questions."

The visitors did have the ball in the net after just four minutes when Marouane Fellaini turned Rashford's free-kick in from close range, but the Belgian was rightly flagged for offside.

United secured a top-four finish by beating Arsenal 2-1 last weekend, and Brighton's more desperate need for the points shone through.

David de Gea was the only United player selected in the PFA's Premier League team of the year and the Spaniard showed why he has again been his side's outstanding performer this season with a stunning fingertip save to turn a dipping volley from Glenn Murray behind.

Brighton's survival party had been put on hold by a run of seven games without a win.

But they got the helping hand they needed from the goal-line technology system to seal another campaign in the Premier League on their return to the top flight after 34 years on 57 minutes.

The dangerous Jose Izquierdo got to the byline and when his cross was parried by De Gea, the ball crossed the line from Gross's header by the finest of margins before being hooked clear by Marcos Rojo.

City can now break United's record winning margin of 18 points from the 1999/2000 season should they win their remaining three games.

Matt Ryan saved well from Rashford before Martial and Jesse Lingard fired off target as Brighton held out despite a late United rally.Indian wrestler Sumit Malik won Commonwealth Games gold in the men's 125kg freestyle class on Saturday but caused a stew by biting an opponent. Bushy-bearded Canadian Korey Jarvis accused Sumit of biting him during their round-robin bout on the Gold Coast. The Indian made no attempt to deny it, cheekily passing judgement on how his rival tasted. "It occurred in the heat of the moment," said Sumit. "I am sincerely sorry that it happened -- but, no, he did not taste like tandoori chicken." Defending champion Jarvis was hopping mad, despite finishing with the silver medal, as he did in Delhi eight years ago after a similar incident.

"He poked me in the eye and then he bit me," he fumed. "It feels like groundhog day. I was winning in the last few seconds in Delhi and lost the gold medal -- basically the same thing happened today."

No action was taken to punish Sumit and Jarvis went on to beat Tayab Raza for silver.

Sumit won the decider by forfeit after Nigeria's Sinivie Boltic was forced to pull out with injury.

India enjoyed a happy penultimate day at the Commonwealth Games with eight gold medals in total, including three in boxing, to sit third on the overall medals table.Jim Furyk was not fortunate to finish in the top three as he ended up fourth in the final standings.Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo won a sensational Chinese Grand Prix in thrilling style on Sunday when he stormed through the field from sixth place after taking on fresh tyres under a safety car. The Australian, who only made it into qualifying with seconds to spare after his blown engine had to be rebuilt, took the lead with just 10 laps to go in Shanghai when he charged past race leader Valtteri Bottas, who finished second in a Mercedes. Kimi Raikkonen was third for Ferrari. Championship leader Sebastian Vettel, who led from pole until the first set of tyre stops , dropped back to finish eighth after colliding with Max Verstappen, who was penalised 10 seconds for hitting the German.

Defending world champion Lewis Hamilton crossed the line fifth behind Verstappen but was promoted to fourth after the Dutchman's penalty was applied.

Formula One world championship standings after the Chinese Grand Prix at the Shanghai International Circuit on Sunday:

Drivers

1. Sebastian Vettel (GER) 54 pts, 2. Lewis Hamilton (GBR) 45, 3. Valtteri Bottas (FIN) 40, 4. Daniel Ricciardo (AUS) 37, 5. Kimi Raikkonen (FIN) 30, 6. Fernando Alonso (ESP) 22, 7. Nico Hulkenberg (GER) 22, 8. Max Verstappen (NED) 18, 9. Pierre Gasly (FRA) 12, 10. Kevin Magnussen (DEN) 11, 11. Stoffel Vandoorne (BEL) 6, 12. Carlos Sainz Jr (ESP) 3, 13. Marcus Ericsson (SWE) 2, 14. Esteban Ocon (FRA) 1

Constructors

1. Mercedes 85 pts, 2. Ferrari 84, 3. Red Bull 55, 4. McLaren 28, 5. Renault 25, 6. Toro Rosso 12, 7. Haas 11, 8. Sauber 2, 9. Force India 1Rohit Sharma and Krunal Pandya delivered in desperate times as Mumbai Indians stayed alive in the IPL with a tense six-wicket win over Kings XI Punjab on Friday. Captain Rohit (24* off 15) and Krunal (31* off 12) shared a match-winning 56-run stand off just 21 balls as Mumbai Indians reached the 175-run target in 19 overs.Imphal teenager Jayananda Singh, who plays for Indian Super League team Delhi Dynamos, gives an insight into his humble background and how his father helped him take up the sport. The footballer also revealed the names of favourite soccer stars and his love for Wushu.Highlights Blood pressure is one of the most common conditions in India

All berries are loaded with heart-healthy compounds called flavonoids

Skimmed milk is rich in calcium and vitamin D helps reduce BP

Blood pressure is one of the most common conditions in India. It is said that one in every three Indians are suffering from hypertension and heart ailments. High blood pressure is a silent killer; in fact, according to the National Centre For Biotechnology Information (NCBI), blood pressure shows seasonal variation. It is the pressure exerted by the blood against the walls of the arteries. It tends to damage the body's blood vessels, thus causing kidney diseases, heart afflictions and other health problems. Blood pressure should be taken care of, especially during summers as it tends to fluctuate more often. We give you some expert tips on managing blood pressure with healthy summer foods.

According to Parmeet Kaur, Dietitian, Narayana Hrudayalaya, "The hypertension diet should have foods with high magnesium, potassium and fibre content in it. They should be necessarily low in sodium."

Here are the summer foods for managing blood pressure as suggested by Parmeet Kaur.

1. Berries

All berries are loaded with heart-healthy compounds called flavonoids. The antioxidant rich fruit may help lower blood pressure, as per a study published in the Journal of the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics. Add blueberries, strawberries, et al to your daily diet.



All berries are loaded with heart-healthy compounds called flavonoid​s

2. Skimmed milk

Skimmed milk is rich in calcium and vitamin D, two of which work as a team to help reduce blood pressure naturally. According to National Health Service, UK, drinking a glass of skimmed milk a day can cut blood pressure by upto a one third. So gulp down a glass of skimmed milk daily in order to reap maximum benefits.



(Also Read: High Blood Pressure? 5 Healthy, Delicious Snacks That You Can Enjoy Guilt-Free)

3. Yogurt

According to a study presented at the American Heart Association (AHA), women who consumed five or more servings of yogurt a week had a lower risk of developing high blood pressure than similar women who hardly ever ate yogurt. So load up on chilled yogurt every day and enjoy a healthful life.

load up on chilled yogurt every day and enjoy a healthful life​



4. Watermelon

According to a study published in the American Journal of Hypertension, watermelon could significantly reduce blood pressure in overweight individuals both at rest and while under stress. The pressure on the aorta and on the heart reduced after the consumption of watermelon.

5. Bananas

This tropical fruit is super rich in potassium and even more easy to include in your daily diet. One banana provides one percent of calcium, eight percent of magnesium and 12 percent of potassium that you need every day.



This tropical fruit is super rich in potassium​



6. Kiwi

According to a report presented in the American Heart Association (AHA), kiwis may naturally lower blood pressure. Three kiwis a day could keep high blood pressure at bay. So toss kiwis in your salads and stave off any risk of high blood pressure.

Parmeet Kaur adds, "Foods rich in omega 3 fatty acids include fatty fish such as salmon, herring, mackerel, tuna, etc. These foods cut down the triglyceride count and reduce inflammation."

This summer, ensure that your blood pressure is regulated and well-maintained.A bomb threat was reported at the residence of actor Rajinikanth (File Photo)

A bomb threat was reported at the homes of Tamil Nadu chief minister E Palaniswami and actor Rajinikanth today, which has turned out to be a hoax. Chennai police have arrested 21-year-old P Bhuvaneswaran, who was said to be a man with mental disabilities, for allegedly making the hoax calls today. In the calls to the police, Bhuvaneswaran said that bombs had been placed at the residences of Chief Minister Edapadi Palanisamy and Rajinikanth. Police sources said that two calls were made to the police control room in the city.After a quick check by the police, the calls made by Bhuvaneswaran were declared to be a hoax.Chennai Police Commissioner AK Viswanathan, on speaking to NDTV, said that the call was traced by the police and was made from Cuddalore, after which Bhuvaneswaran was arrested."Recently, the same person had called the office of the Puducherry Chief Minister as well warning of bombs," Mr Viswanathan told NDTV. Earlier, police sources had said that Bhuvaneswaran had undergone treatment for depression at Chennai's Kilpauk Government Hospital.In 2013, he was arrested on charges of making a hoax bomb threat to late chief minister J Jayalalithaa as well.WhatsApp is by far the most popular cross-platform messaging app in India. Globally, WhatsApp has 1.5 billion monthly active users (MAUs) and the app processes around 60 billion messages each day. This makes it a great platform for anyone to offer business services or customer support over mobile.

In January this year, WhatsApp introduced its business-focused app in India, just days after its initial launch. The WhatsApp Business app is currently only available on Android. The app is similar to the regular WhatsApp app, but comes with a number of features that enable businesses to effectively communicate with their customers. Let's take a look at the new features, and how to make use of WhatsApp Business.

How to create a WhatsApp business profile

So far small businesses have been using the regular WhatsApp app to conduct their business or offer customer support. While that can also work, creating a business profile will offer much more credibility to your conversations.

To get started, simply download the WhatsApp Business app from the Google Play Store. Sign up using your mobile phone number. Ideally, you should be using your business phone number because that will make verification much easier later on. Create your profile by entering your business details under Settings > Business Settings > Profile. Make sure you accurately enter details like your business name, address, contact details, etc.

Setting up WhatsApp for Business

Once you're done creating your business profile, it's now time to set up the app. The WhatsApp Business app offers a few smart messaging tools which can help you save time and make things easier. You can set up automated greeting and away messages. You can also set up quick replies for your customers.

Here's how to set up WhatsApp for Business:

To setup these messaging tools, simply go to Settings > Business Settings and check the messaging options available there. You'll see three available options: Away message, Greeting message, and Quick replies. You can set each of these depending on your requirements. You can setup an automated away message when you're unable to reply to your customers. You can also set it up to send the away message at all times, on a customised schedule, or outside of business hours. A greeting message is sent out automatically when a customer messages you for the first time or after 14 days of inactivity. For quick replies, you can setup a basic message, pick a shortcut, and select keywords (optional). These come in handy when you're answering frequently asked questions, or want to exchange pleasantries.

Using WhatsApp Business effectively

Now that you have everything setup on the app, it's time to use it effectively. You can use WhatsApp Business in a number of ways. It could be something as simple as offering support to your customers or send them timely updates. The possibilities are nearly endless.

1. Labels for your conversations

One of the biggest things you'll need to consider while using WhatsApp Business is keeping a track of your customers. While you'll need to manually add them to your contacts list, you'll also be able to assign labels to your conversations. These are helpful while interacting with a large number of users.

You can setup labels for your customers and then label your chat conversations using them. For example: You may want to label a conversation as 'new customer'. This way when your customer replies after some time you'll still be able to make out who this person is.

To add a new label: Tap on the menu button on a chat conversation and tap New Label. Enter the text for the new label and tap on Save.

To add labels to chats: Tap on the menu button on a chat conversation and then pick a label and tap Save.

2. Use WhatsApp Business on desktop and Web

Just like your personal WhatsApp account, you can use WhatsApp Business mobile app with the desktop variant too. This makes it much easier to interact with a large number of customers.

The setup process for the desktop variant is the same as the regular WhatsApp app. Go to Settings > WhatsApp Web and scan the given QR code.

3. One-on-one support

One of the primary advantages of using WhatsApp Business app is being able to offer one-on-one support to your customers. If you're running a small business, you'd want to stay on top of your customers' queries.

WhatsApp Business app also lets you send photos, videos, and other attachments to your customers, and vice-versa. This can help your customers explain their issues more clearly.

4. Sending out updates

WhatsApp Business can also help you send out timely updates related to your business. Be it a new product or a new service you're about to launch, it's always perfect to let your existing and prospective customers know about it first.

You could create broadcast lists to send out messages to a large number of people in one go. This can help you save time in case you have a large customer base, though broadcast lists are currently limited to 256 contacts.The Centre took the Supreme Court collegium head on for not recommending enough names to fill vacancies

Highlights Top court upset over delay in appointment of 2 high court chief justices Attorney General refused to give a final date on appointment He said the orders would be issued "shortly"

Amid an ongoing face-off between the judiciary and the centre over the elevation of Justice KM Joseph, the Supreme Court on Friday made its displeasure clear over the government's delay in processing appointments of chief justices for two high courts."Tell us, how many names (recommended by the collegium) are pending with you," the court asked the centre's top law officer KK Venugopal.When Mr Venugopal said "I will have to find out", the court shot back: "When it comes to the government, you say "we will find out'."The sparring continued.It comes against the backdrop of a face-off over the elevation of Uttarakhand Chief Justice Joseph to the Supreme Court recommended in January. Last month, the centre declined to appoint him. The top court's group of senior judges met this week to discuss the appointment. There was no final decision but the judges are expected to meet again next week to convey its final verdict.There have been suggestions from within the top court that they should issue a judicial binding order to see the appointment through but Chief Justice Dipak Misra hasn't favoured this approach.On Friday, Justices Madan B Lokur and Deepak Gupta were hearing a petition by a man who had sought transfer of his case from the Manipur High Court to the Gauhati High Court. Since the Manipur high court is short of judges, the top court widened the ambit of the case and started to look at the shortage of judges.At Friday's hearing, it became about who was responsible for a large number of vacancies in the high courts.KK Venugopal came straight to the point.The Attorney General argued that collegium, or a group of top Supreme Court judges mandated to recommend names to the President, wasn't sending enough names."Some high courts have 40 vacancies and recommendation of the collegium is only for three. And the government is being told that we are tardy in filing up the vacancy," he said."The collegium will have to see the broad picture and recommend more names," Mr Venugopal said, asserting that the government could not do anything "if there is no collegium recommendation".The collegium, headed by Chief Justice of India, is a 3-member body to select high court judges and chief justices. For selecting Supreme Court judges, the collegium has five members.During the back and forth between the centre's top law officer and the bench, Mr Venugopal refused to give a date by when the two chief justices recommended by the Supreme Court collegium would be appointed. He said the orders would be issued "shortly"."What shortly? Shortly could be three months," the bench retorted.Mr Venugopal stood his ground.He also pointed to a recommendation of the collegium to appoint a judge in the Manipur High Court and specifying that he would continue to function in Gauhati High Court. "That time, only two judges were there in Manipur High Court. It should not have been said that he (Justice Songkhupchung Serto) would continue in Gauhati High Court. It was necessary to bring him back to Manipur High Court," he said, describing the collegium's resolution as "very strange".To this, the bench observed, "may be the collegium does not want to get him back to Manipur. We do not know".Indian hockey saw another change in the coaching staff with women's hockey coach Harendra Singh on Tuesday being named chief coach of the Indian men's team. Harendra has taken over from 44-year-old Dutchman Sjoerd Marijne, who returns to his job as the Chief Coach of the women's team. Harendra, who led the Indian Junior Men's Hockey team to the Junior World Cup title in 2016, was appointed as the Chief Coach of the women's team in September 2017 and saw his team finish at the fourth position at the recently concluded 2018 Commonwealth Games in Gold Coast. His most important contribution was leading the Women's team to the 9th Women's Asia Cup title in Japan last year.

"Harendra Singh brings with himself wealth of experience and has previously managed a lot of the Men's team players during his stints in the Hockey India League and with the Junior teams. While, Marijne's first stint with the Women's team was a very successful one and we are sure he will continue to do well with this team as he has done in the past," said Mohd Mushtaque Ahmed, Secretary General, Hockey India.

"It is an honour for me to now manage the Indian Men's Hockey team. It has been a very satisfying journey with the Indian Women's Hockey team and I would like to thank Hockey India for entrusting me with the new role as we prepare ourselves for a very important season ahead," Harendra said.

The men's team under the coaching of Marijne finished fifth in the 2018 Commonwealth Games, returning without a medal from the Games for the first time since 2006.

"I'm excited to reunite with the Women's team and will look to focus building on the good form exhibited by the team in last six months as we look forward to the Vitality Women's Hockey World Cup 2018," Marijne said.India to participate in inaugural world meet of the intellectuals' fight club - Chess-Boxing - in Moscow from November 28. India have produced 11 professionals across 10 states. There are 17 chess-boxing bodies in the world. The aim of the sport is to get Olympic recognition.Press Trust of India

The Patna Pirates, who have been the best raiding team in the tournament, kept up the pressure on the Fortunegiants, with some superb work, to win 32 raid points.Manu Bhaker won two gold medals in the recently concluded ISSF Shooting World Cup and made the nation proud. In an exclusive interview with NDTV, Manu Bhaker spoke about her experience in World Cup. "I wasn't expecting too much of crowd and too much of media members on my return," said Manu. She further added that how focused she was during the World Cup.Sebastian Vettel set a blistering new lap record for Ferrari as he took pole position for Sunday's Chinese Formula One Grand Prix. Vettel clocked 1min 31.095sec at the Shanghai International Circuit in final qualifying on Saturday ahead of teammate Kimi Raikkonen and Valtteri Bottas, who was third fastest with his Mercedes teammate and defending world champion Lewis Hamilton fourth. "The car was really amazing, it just kept getting better. So I'm really happy," Vettel said. The German's flying lap ensured back-to-back front row lockouts for Ferrari for the first time in 12 years despite Vettel admitting to being a bit wobbly on some turns in cold qualifying conditions.

"I was a bit beaten up but knew that if I could get a tidy lap and have a little bit of margin, I can push it. It was really good," Vettel said.

Hamilton was half second off Vettel's pace and admitted he couldn't explain the gap.

"I'm not really sure," said the English four-times world champion on Sky Sports TV.

"The car felt OK but I don't have an answer for it. This is in the top three of the circuits for overtaking but the Ferraris are faster on the straights. I don't know if we can challenge, we were half a second behind today."

The gap is likely to add to consternation in the Mercedes camp that has been building since Vettel took the first two races of the season in Australia and Bahrain.

The Red Bull duo of Max Verstappen and Daniel Ricciardo took the next two grid spots, with the team doing well to get Ricciardo's car ready after an engine blow-out in final practice.

Vettel said even he was surprised at the qualifying gap with Mercedes, who have won five of the last six Shanghai races.

"To have that much of a gap I think is a surprise. But it's a track where you need to find that sweet spot and if you are a little bit out you drop a little bit of time," the German said.

"I wouldn't be surprised if tomorrow that gap disappears and its a very tight race."

"I think it will be a tight race between the top three teams and a long tough race, but it's obviously good to start from the front."Former chess world champion Garry Kasparov is coming out of retirement to play in a US tournament next month, organisers announced on Thursday.

Kasparov, who dominated the game for more than 15 years, will compete against nine top players at the Sinquefield Cup in St. Louis, Missouri.

The former champion, who retired from professional chess in 2005, was given a wild card entry for the event's Rapid and Blitz competition.

Current world No. 1 Magnus Carlsen of Norway will also play at the tournament, as will Hikaru Nakamura, ranked second in the world.

"Ready to see if I remember how to move the pieces! Will I be able to announce my re-retirement afterward if not?!," Kasparov himself tweeted sardonically.

At 54, Kasparov is the oldest player in the field, followed by another legend, India's Viswanathan Anand, 47, now ranked 12th in the world.

"Looks like I'm going to raise the average age of the field and lower the average rating!" Kasparov quipped.

In 1985, Kasparov became the youngest world champion ever, at 22, beating Soviet grandmaster Anatoly Karpov with an impulsive, energised and attacking style that instantly gave him rock star status in the world of chess.

Born in Azerbaijan, Kasparov has been described as "a monster with 100 eyes, who sees all".

He quickly understood the interest in combining computers with chess and agreed to play against IBM's "Deep Blue" supercomputer. Kasparov won the first match in 1996 but lost the second a year later.

Kasparov now lives in the United States after trying to run against Vladimir Putin in the 2008 Russian presidential election.

Experts include Kasparov in the modern game's top players, but he himself once said US maverick Bobby Fischer, who dominated the game in the 1970s, was "the greatest chess player of all time".Resource Centres For Online Refresher Programmes For Teachers Announced

NRCs For Online Refresher Programmes: Check complete list here

The Ministry of Human Resource Development (MHRD) has launched an initiative of online professional development of 1.5 million higher education faculty using the Massive Open Online Courses (MOOCs) platform SWAYAM . In the first phase, according to the HRD Ministry, 75 discipline-specific National Resource Centres (NRCs) have been identified which are tasked to prepare online training material with focus on latest developments in the discipline, new and emerging trends, pedagogical improvements and methodologies for transacting revised curriculum.A varied set of institutions such as, Centres under the Ministry's Pandit Madan Mohan Malaviya National Mission on Teachers and Teaching (PMMMNMTT) located in Central Universities, IISc, IUCAA, IITs, IISERs, NITs, State Universities; UGC's Human Resource Development Centres( HRDCs), National Institutes for Technical Teachers Training (NITTTRs), IIITs, Open Universities have been notified as NRCs.These NRCs cover wide ranging disciplines of Social Sciences, Sciences, Engineering and Technology, Design & Manufacturing, Humanities, Language Teaching, Commerce, Management, Education Planning and Administration, Public Policy, Leadership and Governance, Library and Information Science, Astronomy and Astrophysics, Assessment and Evaluation, Pedagogy and research methods , cutting edge areas of Nano-sciences, Internet of Things, etc.Under this initiative, all in-service teachers, irrespective of their subject and seniority will have an enabling opportunity to keep abreast of the latest developments in their disciplines through the technology based online refresher course.The NRCs will develop the Refresher Module which will include the latest trends in their earmarked discipline by June 15 each year.According to HRD, the training materials will be uploaded and made available through SWAYAM to all the teachers w.e.f. 1st October each year and based on the response, the course can be repeated in the following January.NRC will publish the list of the faculty who have been certified by 31st December, 2018.UGC will issue order/regulations for the purpose of Career Progression and APIs, said the Ministry. "Faculty can benefit from this initiative as it is highly flexible and can be done at one's own pace and time. The NRCs will revolutionize professional development of faculty by catering to massive numbers by leveraging ICT and online technology platform of SWAYAM," said a statement from MHRD.Click here for more Education NewsChief Minister Pinarayi Vijayan has directed collectors and police chiefs to arrange help desks at railway stations and main bus stands for students appearing for NEET exams on May 6th.

In the back drop of many students traveling to other districts and students from other states are coming here to write exams CM has asked authorities to take extra effort in making their commute effortless, accommodation comfortable and be ready to offer any assistance.Atletico Madrid coach Diego Simeone will be forced to watch the Europa League final against Marseille from the stands after receiving a four-match European ban for insulting a referee, UEFA said on Friday. Simeone was ordered from the touchline during last week's 1-1 draw in the first leg of their semi-final with Arsenal after a heated exchange with French referee Clement Turpin. The Argentine watched Thursday's 1-0 home win in the return leg, which secured a 2-1 aggregate victory and a place in the final, from the directors' box at the Wanda Metropolitano.

Simeone will now also miss the May 16 final in Lyon and his side's first two European matches of next season, while he was hit with a fine of 10,000 euros (USD 12,000).

UEFA's disciplinary committee also charged Marseille after away supporters set off fireworks and threw objects during the second leg of their semi-final at Salzburg.

Austria's Salzburg risk punishment themselves following a pitch invasion by fans and the throwing of objects, as well as a charge of improper conduct levied against club official Harald Lurzer.

Marseille won the tie 3-2 on aggregate despite losing the second leg 1-2 after extra time.

A decision on the cases will be made on May 31.Rohit Sharma and Krunal Pandya delivered in desperate times as Mumbai Indians stayed alive in the IPL with a tense six-wicket win over Kings XI Punjab on Friday. Captain Rohit (24* off 15) and Krunal (31* off 12) shared a match-winning 56-run stand off just 21 balls as Mumbai Indians reached the 175-run target in 19 overs. (Photo Courtesy: BCCI)Indo-Asian News Service

Will Return To Tennis After Pregnancy, Want To Set An Example For My Kid, Says Sania Mirza

Sania Mirza wants to return to tennis after pregnancy as she wants to set an example that people shouldn't give up dreams just because they're pregnant.Prabhas and Rana Daggubati in Baahuali: The Conclusion. (Image courtesy: Instagram)

Highlights Baahubali 2 could not beat the Day 1 collection of Secret Superstar It collected Rs 19 crore on the opening day in China, a little over Dang Baahubali 2 grossed over Rs 1,500 crore worldwide last year

#Baahubali2InChina makes a commanding debut.. $2.85 Million [19 Crs] for Day 1.. pic.twitter.com/OCiUknaj9g — Ramesh Bala (@rameshlaus) May 4, 2018

has arrived in China and it is all set to conquer the box office. The film had a blockbuster opening at US$2.85 million (Rs 19 crore), tweeted trade analyst Ramesh Bala. The film opened across 18,000 screens and it became the third highest opener in China for Indian films. Before SS Rajamouli's, Aamir Khan's, Salman Khan'sand Irrfan Khan'shad released., starring Prabhas and Rana Daggubati, opened at Rs 100 crore in India. In China,could not beat the opening day record set byandbut it did outperform its prequel's lifetime business in one day. Baahubali: The Conclusion was a box office rage in India and it has a long way to prove its mettle in China, where Aamir Khan's, which released last year, has supremacy of sorts. In April-May 2016, whenwas shattering's record in India, the Nitesh Tiwari-directed film set new precedents for Indian films in China.'s success story in India was a new phenomenon in India and likewise's victory in China was unheard of. Though Aamir Khan'sandhad also released and fared well in China but none of them enjoyed the success ofis the concluding part of SS Rajamouli's two-part epic tale set in the fictional kingdom of Mahishmathi and of the two cousins vying for the throne. Amarendra Baahubali (played by Prabhas) is everyone's favourite while Bhallal Deva (Rana Daggubati) is conniving and manipulative. He twists the circumstances and gets Amarendra Baahubali murdered. 25 years later, his son Mahendra Baahubali (also Prabhas) returns to avenge his father. Baahubali: The Conclusion also stars Anushka Shetty, Ramya Krishnana, Tamanaah Bhatia and Sathya Raj. The film grossed over Rs 1,500 crore globally and still counting.Flipkart has announced the arrival of its four-day mega sale starting May 13. The Flipkart Big Shopping Days sale will commence on May 13 and go on till May 16. It will offer lucrative discounts on smartphones, laptops, TVs, and even large appliances. The upcoming Flipkart sale promises to offer the lowest possible prices on smartphones, and will be conducting flash sales on select devices as well during the Big Shopping Days sale. The e-commerce brand expects to see six times more growth in sales during the four days in the mobiles and large appliances category.

Flipkart is also offering discounts on debit and credit card transactions, No Cost EMI on Bajaj Finserv Limited and credit card transactions, EMI on debit cards, Buy Back Guarantee, extended warranty on select products and more. There's also going to be a Games Corner this time, where consumers can play and win laptops and mobiles at just Re. 1, along with a chance to get 100 percent cashback on their Big Shopping Days purchase. As the tradition goes, there will also be a few smartphone launches during those days, where the purchase will be Flipkart exclusive with lucrative offers during the sale period.

There's also going to be up to 80 percent off on laptops, cameras, power banks, tablets and other electronic gadgets. TVs and appliances will be available at a discount of up to 70 percent, with some key models of TVs being sold through flash sales. To make the most of the offers during the sale, ensure that you register on Flipkart and fill in your address and payment details beforehand.

Separately, Flipkart is said to be in talks to sell a majority stake to either Walmart or Amazon very soon. Reportedly, Amazon.com has made a formal offer to buy 60 percent of Flipkart, potentially complicating Walmart's bid for majority ownership of the Indian online retailer. The news underscores how Amazon is focused on winning India's e-commerce market, and the offer could be a ploy to block Walmart from bringing its expertise in logistics and supply chain management to Flipkart.The victorious Indian women's hockey team returned to India to a grand welcome at the airport after winning the Asia Cup on Sunday. The Indian team beat China 5-4 in a shootout after the game was tied 1-1 in normal time. With this win, India also qualified for next year's World Cup as continental champion.There have been 30 matches so far this IPL season and we have already seen some absolutely breath-taking catches being taken. The likes of Virat Kohli, Trent Boult and Hardik Pandya have taken some stunning catches. Here's our list of the top 5 catches so far in IPL 2018.Press Trust of India

Shubhankar Sharma is four strokes adrift of Argentina's Emiliano Grillo, who fired four-under 68 to go with his course-record equaling seven-under 65 in the opening round to keep his stranglehold on the leaderboard.After a career-pausing break and motherhood, will Sania Mirza bounce back to the tennis court for the 2020 Tokyo Olympics? It's a long way off, feels the former doubles World No 1 who says resuming her game is a priority as soon as the pregnancy is done . She wants to set an example that people shouldn't give up dreams just because they're pregnant. Sania and her cricketer husband Shoaib Malik, who got married in 2010, announced her pregnancy last month.

"It was just about time... I was down with my knee injury anyway and we had been thinking about it for a while... We thought it was a good time to start a family and experience this new phase of our lives," Sania told IANS over phone from Hyderabad.

The tennis ace is suffering from a condition called jumper's knee, which has kept her off the game for over six months. She even missed the Australian Open earlier this year.

Is the knee any better?

"It definitely is. I haven't played since mid-October, so it has been a solid six months and more. Rest was something everyone was recommending... So, I won't say it's perfect, but it's better," said the sportswoman, who finds it difficult to rest.

Will she compete at the 2020 Olympics?

"The 2020 Olympics is a long way off. I've said this many times that as tennis players, we wish we knew what our lives brought us tomorrow. Having said that though, it definitely looks very doable right now. But one has to wait and watch where life really takes you. Most definitely, I would say coming back to playing is priority as soon as the pregnancy is done," said the 31-year-old, who is due to deliver her first child in October.

She is not letting weight woes worry her.

"Weight is so superficial. For a woman, it's all about embracing the pregnancy. When you're pregnant, what's most important is having a healthy baby. I really want women to understand that whether you're a celebrity or not, it doesn't matter. You are going to get bigger when you're pregnant and you will lose the weight as long as you want to."

Sania, whose baby's surname would be Mirza-Malik -- an amalgam of the last names of both the parents -- is confident she won't let motherhood hold her back in her career.

"Pregnancy is not something that holds you back in any way. It's very empowering and is something that is part of being a woman and it's something I always looked forward to... having a family... (I knew) tennis is something that will take a backseat eventually.

"My goal is obviously to come back and that's the most important thing. Of course, my kid is very important in my life right now, but after that, I would like to come back to playing because it's an example I'd like to set for my kid as well that you don't give up on your dreams just because you're pregnant," said the youth icon, adding: "I am young enough to come back and still play and be the best that I can be."

Does she see anyone capable of taking over her mantle in the domestic circuit?

Sania laughed and said: "I mean, I don't know... I am pregnant, so hopefully someone can. I think there are a couple of young girls who are quite good. There's Ankita Raina, Karman Kaur Thandi and Prarthana Thombare... These are the girls who are the next generation. They are 23, 24 years old, and these are the girls I've seen since they were 16 or 17.

"They are going to be in the race, whether it's today, tomorrow or when I am done and retired. So hopefully, one of them will come out. It's about making that next big step... A few more things if they fall into place, we will have one of them come out."

Overall, the star athlete is quite buoyed by the success of women in the global sports arena of late.

"It's pretty incredible as we come from a culture where sports is not the first profession that people think of putting their child in... Things are obviously changing... There's still a long way to go, but it has changed a lot, at least since I started playing tennis.

"Today, a parent is putting the confidence in their child, a girl or a boy -- a girl more I think -- that they can be a professional athlete, and it doesn't have to be their second job," she said, adding that Indian athletes' performance at the Commonwealth Games this year is proof that "we're moving in the right direction".IPL 2018: CSK Beat RCB By 6 Wickets, Go Top Of The Table

Ravindra Jadeja was adjudged Man of the Match as he finished with figures of 3/18.(Photo courtesy: BCCI)One of the most celebrated teams and definitely a fan-favourite of the Indian Premier League (IPL), Royal Challengers Bangalore till now have not been able to take the final leap in the IPL glory, somehow always missing the final mark by a whisker. Captained by India legend Rahul Dravid in the inaugural year of the cash-rich league, the team could not get past the league stage despite having all the big names of cricket in the team. After a dismal year, owner Vijay Mallya publicly criticised the team for not giving their best and crashing out in the league stage.

RCB, known to have the big names in the team, named England star player Kevin Pietersen as their captain for the following season. However, during the 2009 season, the captaincy reigns was handed over to Anil Kumble and it was then when fortunes favoured the Bangalore-based team and they went on beat Chennai Super Kings (CSK) in the semi-final to set up a mouth-watering final with the now-defunct Deccan Charges.

While the Kumble-led team were in prime form, they lost the final by six wickets to end as runners-up in the second edition of the league.

The Ups and Downs of the franchise:

RCB, despite being one of the most commanding teams of the league, never really managed to lift the coveted trophy. After a deplorable first season, the team bounced back in style in Season 2 and produced a similar performance in the third season as well. However, Mumbai Indians (MI) crashed their party as they proved to be an obstacle in 2010.

RCB continued their dominant performance in the season of 2011 and reached the final of the tournament. But a solid CSK avenged their semi-final defeat of 2009 and comprehensively beat RCB to win the title for the first time.

Since then RCB have somehow failed to tick all the right boxes despite fielding all the big names in the cricketing family and have not risen above the group stage in the succeeding years 2012-2014.

In 2015, The RCB-CSK rivalry was renewed in the Qualifier 2 but the former saw itself on the losing side. CSK once again emerged victorious and stamped its authority on the Virat Kohli-led team.

The eighth season of the cash-rich league was not different for RCB as they fought tooth and nail for a place in the final and had their eyes set on the coveted trophy. The team boasting of Chris Gayle, AB de Villiers and Kohli among others were the favourites going in the game but SRH proved to be the dark horse and trounced RCB to win their maiden IPL trophy.

A New Start

Kohli, De Villiers, Gayle and Mitchell Starc among others were retained for the tenth season of the league. However, it seemed that the stars were not on their side as Kohli and De Villiers missed out on the initial games due to injury.

In their absence, Shane Watson took over the team's responsibility. RCB kept losing matches consecutively as the famed batting line-up continued with their subdued form. RCB hit a new low as they finished last in the table.

With the 11th edition of the IPL set to begin on April 7, RCB will certainly look to break their final and CSK jinx and lift the trophy for the first time.Praising his fellow boxers for their performance at the recently concluded Commonwealth Games , star pugilist and gold medal winner Vikas Krishan Yadav asserted that the Indian squad will improve their medal haul at the Asian Games later this year. India picked up nine boxing medals at the 2018 Commonwealth Games in Gold Coast, Australia, earlier this month. All the eight Indian boxers in the men's categories finished on the podium while five-time world champion M.C. Mary Kom won gold in the women's 48 kg division. Vikas was confident that Indian boxers will put up a much better show at this year's Asian Games than the 2014 edition, although he admitted that the standard will be much tougher than the Commonwealth Games.

"There is no comparison between the Commonwealth Games and the Asian Games. The Asiad is like a mini Olympics. Countries like Thailand, South Korea, Japan, Philippines, Mongolia, China and former Soviet nations like Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan and Turkmenistan are among the stronger nations in world boxing. The Asian Games is going to be much tougher. We will not get such easy competition like the Commonwealth Games," Vikas told IANS.

"But still we should improve our medal haul at the Asian Games, including at least one gold. Last time we got just two medals when Satish and I got bronzes in our respective categories. This time we should get four to five medals," he added.

However, the 26-year-old felt that with all eight Indian boxers among the men reaching the semi-finals of their respective categories, the number of gold medals should have been higher.

Gaurav Solanki, who emerged champion in the flyweight (52kg) division, was the only Indian apart from Vikas to win gold among the men.

"Overall performance was good, but we could have won more gold medals. Manish (Kaushik), Amit (Phangal) and Satish (Kumar) all lost by very small margins in their respective finals. All these finals were extremely close and could have gone either way," the Haryana pugilist said.

"The final bouts that our boxers won, like me and Gaurav Solanki, were by 5:0 margins. But the finals that we lost were by scores like 3:2. So the fact that five of our boxers did so well after reaching their respective finals reveals volumes of our high standards," he added.

Vikas, who won gold in the middleweight (75kg) category in Gold Coast, asserted that he did not face too much of a challenge on his way to the maiden Commonwealth Games title of his career.

"It was not tough for me at all. Everybody was saying that I had a very tough draw, but I did not face too much of a challenge. I had a bit of a trouble in the quarter-finals, but after that I beat three Olympians from the 2016 Rio Games one after the other," the Indian Army boxer said.

"Fighting three Olympians in consecutive bouts is not an easy task. But I registered one-sided victories in each of those bouts," he added.Rohit Sharma might not be hitting the heights that is expected of him in the ongoing IPL 2018 but that has not stopped the Mumbai Indians from making history. Rohit became the first Indian to hit 300 sixes in Twenty20 cricket when he smacked Mujeeb ur Rahman for a maximum in Mumbai Indians' crucial win over Kings XI Punjab at the Holkar Cricket Stadium in Indore on Friday night. Not just that, Rohit was not out on 24, which was the 17th time that the India batsman has remained unbeaten in chases. And on all 17 occasions he has ended up on the winning side -- a new IPL record. The 32-year-old went past the record of Gautam Gambhir 's 16 such instances.

Rohit is the seventh batsman overall to hit 300 sixes in T20s. Chris Gayle leads the list with a whopping 844 sixes in international and domestic T20 matches.

The six-wicket win over Punjab was crucial to the defending champions' hopes of reaching the playoffs. Mumbai climbed to fifth in the IPL Points Table with six points from nine games.

Rohit has given up his usual opening spot to Suryakumar Yadav, who has grabbed the opportunity with both hands. Suryakumar was again at the forefront of Mumbai's chase and his 42-ball 57 was instrumental in his team overhauling a tricky target.

Rohit, who has been so successful up the order for Mumbai, has dropped down to the middle-order in a bid to become the finisher for Mumbai in chases and on Friday night against Punjab, he did exactly that.

Chris Gayle's half-century and some lusty blows by Marcus Stoinis helped Punjab post a competitive 174 for six in 20 overs after being put into bat.

Mumbai started the chase slowly but some clean hitting by Suryakumar got them back on track. Ishan Kishan (25) and Hardik Pandya (23) played handy cameos to help Mumbai keep up with the asking rate.

However, when Hardik fell in the 16th over, Mumbai still needed 55 runs off 27 balls. But Rohit changed the game on it's head by smashing Mujeeb ur Rahman for two sixes in the 17th over.

Krunal and Rohit then combined to plunder Stoinis for 20 runs in the 18th over to leave Mumbai needing just 16 off the final two overs.

Krunal got the job done as Andrew Tye went for 17 in the 19th as Mumbai comfortably got over the line to stay alive in the tournament.As a disgruntled student, Afshan Ashiq led other girls in throwing stones at the police on Srinagar streets. On Tuesday, the poster girl of stone throwers is the captain of Jammu and Kashmir's women's football team -- a dream transformation that also speaks of the government's success in winning the hearts of Kashmiris.More than 90 percent of India's labor force estimated to work in the informal economy

Highlights Labor ministry will start publishing quarterly surveys on jobs in a year Surveys to cover enterprises with less than 10 people Typically, these businesses cash-based and don't pay tax

For those trying to solve the Indian economy jigsaw puzzle, reliable jobs data has been one crucial missing piece. Prime Minister Narendra Modi has a plan to fix that defect.The government is set to map employment in the economy's vast informal sector when the labor ministry starts publishing quarterly surveys on jobs in about a year's time, covering enterprises with less than 10 people, including those who are self-employed. These are businesses that are typically cash-based and don't pay tax."It's a huge survey and takes the entire country into account," B.N. Nanda, senior labor and employment adviser in India's labor ministry, said in an interview at his office in New Delhi last week. "This will be the first informal sector data from the government, enterprise-wise."With more than 90 percent of India's labor force estimated to work in the informal economy, a lack of periodic and credible data in this sector makes it difficult to assess the impact of policy actions and measure true growth.Multiple data sets for formal jobs point in different directions, giving the perception that PM Modi has failed to generate employment. That's denting his popularity among young voters ahead of next year's election . He swept to power in May 2014 with the biggest electoral mandate in three decades after promising to create 10 million jobs each year for the country's burgeoning youth population.About 12 million young people are set to enter the workforce every year in Asia's third-largest economy over the next two decades. The World Bank says India must create 8.1 million jobs a year to maintain its employment rate.The state of joblessness is so dire that over 28 million people applied for about 90,000 vacancies this year at Indian Railways, the country's biggest employer, while engineers and lawyers vie for low-skilled jobs in the government.LabyrinthMuch of the government's annual jobs data based on household surveys, which also captures the informal sector, is dated. The survey published for 2015-16 put the unemployment rate at 3.7 percent. The labor bureau will soon publish the data for 2016-17 -- after a lag of two years -- and has discontinued any more surveys, Nanda said.The organized sector, for which data is available from multiple sources, creates some confusion. The labor ministry's figures released in March show India added 136,000 workers across eight sectors in the quarter starting July 2017, against 64,000 additions in the previous quarter.The first set of data released by social security organizations in April showed over 3.5 million new payrolls were generated in the six months through February. The government said it's an "eye opener" and puts an end to "speculations and conjectures regarding job creation."Bleak PictureBut not everyone bought the argument because payroll data could be more of a reflection of a formalization of jobs rather than a creation of new jobs."This, of course, is not employment data," Mahesh Vyas of the Centre for Monitoring Indian Economy Pvt., a business information company, wrote in a column published on CMIE's website. "Growth in EPFO enrollments largely reflect the conversion of hitherto informally employed people into formal employment," he said, referring to the Employees' Provident Fund Organization data on payroll.Private surveys paint a bleak picture. India's jobless rate rose to 6.23 percent in March from 6.06 percent in February -- the highest monthly rate in the past 15 months, data from CMIE show.The statistics office has also started conducting surveys for generating estimates of various labor force indicators on a quarterly basis for urban areas and an annual basis for rural. The results of the surveys will be published this year. The economy, which saw world-beating growth prior to a surprise cash ban in 2016, is forecast to have slumped to a four-year low of 6.6 percent in the fiscal year 2018 that ended March 31. Unemployment remained high even during the boom years and that led to PM Modi's opponents concluding that the $2.3 trillion economy was seeing jobless growth. The International Monetary Fund sees India's economic growth at 7.4 percent in fiscal year 2019."I don't believe in all this talk about jobless growth because your economy cannot grow at 7.4 percent without employment," said Nanda. "If productivity has not been spectacular and capital growth isn't remarkable the growth is basically coming from employment."Patna Pirates romped to their third straight triumph in the Pro Kabbadi League , outclassing debutants Gujarat Fortunegiants 55-38 in the final of the 2017 edition at the Jawaharlal Nehru Indoor Stadium in Chennai on Saturday. After a close first-half, Pardeep Narwal's Patna Pirates stepped up the pace and cruised to victory. Narwal was the star for the Patna team, as has been the case right through the tournament. He topped with 19 raid points and capped a memorable PKL-Season 5 by guiding the team to a hat-trick of titles.

The Pirates, who have been the best raiding team in the tournament, kept up the pressure on the Fortunegiants, with some superb work, to win 32 raid points.

Monu Goyat began the night with a stellar raid to pick up the first points for Patna.

Fortunegiants bounced back almost immediately and kept pace with the Pirates and trailed 18-21 at the end of the first half.

The second half was in contrast to the first as the formidable Pirates riding on Narwal's brilliance broke down the resolute Gujarat defence and pulled away, inflicting an all out in the 23rd minute to lead 27-21.

Fortunegiants scored three successive points in the next three minutes as they trailed 25-29. Vijay scored with a crucial do-or-die raid in the 30th minute as Patna Pirates led 30-26 and got Narwal back on the mat.

Narwal came up with a super raid as Patna inflicted another all out in the 32nd minute to lead 38-26. He attained a super 10 while Jaideep got a high five as Patna Pirates led 39-28.

Gujarat Fortunegiants came back strongly as they scored five points in two raids to trail 33-39. Narwal came up with another super raid in the 36th minute as Patna Pirates led 43-34. The Pirates forced a super tackle in the same minute to extend their lead to 45-34.

Sachin was the top scorer for the Gujarat team with 11 points but Narwal's brilliance carried the day for Patna Pirates.

Monu Goyat scored nine points whereas Jaideep chipped in with five tackle points. It was a disappointing night for Gujarat as their famed defence failed miserably on a night when it mattered the most.

Gujarat managed just five tackle points and couldn't contain Narwal and Goyat.

Narwal ended the season as highest raid point scorer with 369 and fittingly lifted the trophy besides taking the 'Most Valuable Player' award.102 Not Out stars Amitabh Bachchan and Rishi Kapoor; the veteran actors reunite on the big screen after 27 years. The film releases today. In this video, NDTV's Rohit Khilnani gives out the first impressions of the film.The dominant German team has now won 33 of the last 39 races and it was a sweet triumph for Rosberg, who has trailed Hamilton in the drivers' standings for the past two seasons.Asus has often experimented with emerging product markets such as netbooks, wearables, tablets, and of course smartphones. The company's biggest success in the Indian smartphone market was back in 2014, when it was one of the first to kick off the low-cost smartphone war. The original ZenFone 4 (Review), ZenFone 5 (Review), and ZenFone 6 (Review) were all quite popular, and plenty of people gave the then relatively unfamiliar brand a chance.

Since then, Asus has tried a number of strategies: going exclusively high-end with the ZenFone 3 series, then focusing on selfies with the ZenFone 4 series, and targeting tiny niches now and then with products such as the ZenFone AR (Review), ZenFone Zoom S (Review), and ZenFone Live (Review). However, new Chinese brands had moved in on the value market during that time, and none of Asus' recent efforts achieved the same level of success.

Now, Asus trying to going back to its strategy of delighting buyers with devices that have premium features at almost impossibly affordable prices. More specifically, it's looking to reclaim the sub-Rs. 15,000 segment where Xiaomi and Lenovo effectively have a stranglehold. It will be tougher than before, but the more options, the better for buyers.

The new Zenfone Max Pro M1 was developed specifically for India, according to Asus, and it could be the first of many such devices. Its chief purpose is to knock the Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 (Review) and Redmi Note 5 Pro (Review) off their perches, and with a starting price of Rs. 10,999, we're paying attention.

We were able to spend some time with a pre-sale version of this phone prior to its official launch, and while there were a few elements that weren't quite ready for release, we can tell you quite a lot about the Zenfone Max Pro M1 - including whether or not it's the Xiaomi killer that Asus hopes it will be.

Asus Zenfone Max Pro M1 design

First of all, this is quite a good-looking phone. It will be available in Grey and Midnight Black, and our review unit is the latter. It's more of a really dark navy blue than black, and you'll see that more under strong light. It feels pretty good, with a non-slippery back and rounded-edge glass on the front. Asus says that it has used "high-quality durable glass", but it isn't branded and isn't specifically described as reinforced.

The frame is made of aluminium and there's a metal backplate. There are no sharp edges and even the camera module barely protrudes at all. One problem is how badly the rear gets smudged with fingerprints. The Asus Zenfone Max Pro M1 is also a bit thick at 8.61mm and somewhat heavy at 180g. Because of its size, you won't be able to reach all parts of the screen with one thumb, and it can be a little top-heavy when typing with both thumbs at keyboard level. However, the fingerprint scanner is within easy reach, and was quick most of the time. We had to deal with a few failed recognition attempts early in our review process, but an OTA update fixed most of these issues mid-way.

There's the mandatory 18:9 screen in the front, with rounded corners and narrow borders on either side. The power and volume buttons on the right are within easy reach, as is the fingerprint sensor on the back. We're slightly disappointed to see a Micro-USB port on the bottom rather than Type-C, but we can live with this. There's also a 3.5mm audio socket and a single speaker. The tray on the left has cutouts for two Nano-SIMs as well as a microSD card.

In the box, you get a 10W charger, a USB cable, some warranty and other leaflets, and a little cardboard accessory called the Max Box. This is essentially a foldable stand for the phone with a cutout in its base that helps direct and amplify sound. There's no headset, screen protector, or case of any kind bundled with the Asus Zenfone Max Pro M1.

Asus Zenfone Max Pro M1 specifications and software

The big news here is the use of Qualcomm's Snapdragon 636 processor, designed for premium mid-range smartphones, in a device at this price level. It's no surprise that this is the same processor that Xiaomi chose for its Redmi Note 5 Pro. It is also interesting to note that Asus is using the same processor in its "lite" flagship Zenfone 5 (2018). We were expecting this phone to launch in India around now but it's positioned in a much higher product segment so we'll have to see how that plays out now. As a sidenote, we can now also see why Qualcomm decided to introduce a Snapdragon 700 series to fill the gap between this segment and the flagship Snapdragon 845.

The other big highlight on the Zenfone Max Pro M1 spec sheet is a 5000mAh battery. Asus has used the Max name for phones with big batteries before, so this is a fitting continuation. This explains the phone's relative bulk and weight, and considering how impressed we were with the Redmi Note 5 Pro's battery life, we hope this phone blows us away.

We're glad to see that there's no notch on the 5.99-inch screen. It has an 18:9 aspect ratio and resolution of 1080x2160. The corners are rounded, and Asus claims a 450nit maximum brightness with a contrast ratio of 1500:1 and 85 percent reproduction of the NTSC colour gamut. In terms of design, this phone isn't exactly borderless but it does look slick and modern. The screen is bright enough for outdoor use, and colours are quite vibrant. We had no complaints about viewing angles either. There's a night mode as well as manual colour temperature adjustment in the Settings app.

You can choose between two variants of the Zenfone Max Pro M1: one has 3GB of RAM and 32GB of storage priced at Rs. 10,999, while the other - priced at Rs. 12,999 - has 4GB and 64GB respectively. In terms of pricing, we’d say that this is pretty unbelievable value, beating the benchmark set by Xiaomi in this price segment.

In addition to two Nano-SIM slots, this phone has a dedicated microSD card slot, and capacity support goes up to 2TB. You can use two 4G SIMs at a time, but only one will run at 4G speed while the other is limited to 3G. VoLTE is supported too. There's single-band Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n which is a surprise, considering that the Snapdragon 636 supports faster Wi-Fi 802.11ac. However you do get Bluetooth 5 with aptX audio.

Asus has ditched its custom ZenUI and apps in favour of stock Android 8.1 with this model, which is quite a big surprise considering how much the company usually trumpets all the little things it pays attention to in terms of shortcuts and customisations. The company tells us that this was in response to market research, and it decided that this was the better approach for the intended market segment. Of course, it also presents a huge contrast to Xiaomi's MIUI. Asus also told Gadgets 360 that it intends to deliver updates all the way till Android Q, which would be a pretty big bonus.

You get all the Android Oreo features such as notification dots, action shortcuts on app icons, and split-screen multitasking. We found ourselves missing simple things like an auto brightness toggle in the quick shortcuts panel, and the ability to double-tap the screen to wake the phone from sleep. We do know that there are some customisations though. For example, Asus is advertising facial recognition as a feature of this phone, but it hadn't been implemented yet on the pre-release software running on our unit, so we weren't able to test it for ourselves.

There's still a little bloatware, but it's manageable. You get Facebook, Instagram, Messenger, and Go2Pay preinstalled, and none of them can be removed. There are also a few useful ZenUI apps - Voice Recorder, Calculator, and FM Radio.

Asus Zenfone Max Pro M1 performance, battery life, and cameras

Our review unit was the variant with 3GB of RAM and we didn't feel at any point that this was too little. The Zenfone Max Pro M1 ran all our apps smoothly, and every part of the Android UI was snappy at all times. We enjoyed watching videos and playing games. This is a pretty good phone for entertainment, although the rear did get slightly warm after some time.

Benchmark scores were very high, thanks to the Snapdragon 636 processor. Other than Xiaomi's Redmi Note 5 Pro, the Asus Zenfone Max Pro M1 doesn't have much competition in its price band. AnTuTu gave us 114,096 points, and Geekbench's single- and multi-core results were 1,330 and 4,755 respectively. GFXBench's T-rex test ran at 34fps, and 3DMark Slingshot gave us a score of 1,440.

The battery was able to get us through a full working day with a fair bit of videos streaming and some time spent playing 3D games, but that isn't especially impressive considering its 5000mAh capacity. Our video loop battery test ran for 13 hours, 29 minutes which is less than what the Redmi Note 5 Pro managed with a smaller battery, and also well short of Asus's claim of 25 hours of continuous video playback. This is an odd result, and we should note that power management could improve once Asus releases the final shipping firmware.

There's a 10 Watt charger charger in the box, and while Qualcomm Quick Charge isn't explicitly publicised as a feature, our review unit did display the "charging rapidly" message. We were able to go from zero to 15 percent in 10 minutes but it took just under three hours to get to 100 percent.

The single speaker on the bottom can get very loud, but music distorts badly at full volume. The cardboard Max Box is being touted as an amplifier but it's more of a gimmick. It unfolds very cleverly into a stand with a base that channels sound towards you. There is a slight amplifying effect, but while it might be useful for music or calls, you can't use it when watching videos in landscape mode.

Camera quality is ususally where low-cost phones compromise the most so we were curious to see what the Zenfone Max Pro M1 has in store for us. Asus has outfitted the smartphone with a 13-megapixel camera and 5-megapixel depth sensor on the rear, which meets the requirement for dual cameras. On the front, there's an 8-megapixel camera with its own flash.

We found the camera app to be a little confusing, with controls that weren't well laid out at all. For example, the flash settings are in a menu and it takes three taps to turn it on or off. There's also no way to know what state it's in unless you open the menu to check. There's a "depth mode" toggle rather than a separate portrait mode, so you might also not always realise when it's enabled. It also takes three taps to get into video mode and begin recording. There are some scene modes and beautification, but no manual mode.

The rear camera can record 4K video but for some reason there are two resolution options, 4K DCI and 4K UHD, but there's nothing telling users what the difference is (the former is 4096x2160 while the latter is 3840x2160). On the other extreme, there are options to record at QVGA (320x240) and CIF (352x240) resolutions which have no use case at all these days. We saw some minor UI changes in OTA updates during the course of our review, but we think a complete overhaul is necessary.

In the daytime, the shots we took with the Zenfone Max Pro M1 were quite vibrant, with colours that popped nicely. Some details and textures at a distance weren't all that sharp, but close-ups fared relatively well in this regard. The depth mode produced visible results with smooth gradients between the foreground and background. At night, details get a little fuzzy and it takes much longer to lock focus, but things are largely under control.

Tap to see full-sized Asus Zenfone Max Pro M1 photo samples

Video taken during the day and at night was usable, but there was a lot of focus shifting. The front camera is pretty good as well, and people will be happy with the quality of selfies. The only trouble we had was that the front flash doesn't provide soft illumination, but is in actual flash that fires harshly in your face.

Asus has promised some camera quality improvements with software updates that should be ready by the time anyone buys this phone, but even as it stands at the time of our review, the Zenfone Max Pro M1 is pretty decent.



Asus Zenfone Max Pro M1 in pictures

Verdict

Asus is going to get a lot of attention because of the pricing of the Zenfone Max Pro M1, and it's positioning itself squarely as a Xiaomi killer. The specifications match those of the Redmi Note 5 Pro, but there are a few extra perks such as the bigger battery, dedicated microSD slot, and front flash. However, the prices are more in line with those of the Redmi Note 5, which is one rung lower in Xiaomi's lineup. We also now know what the Moto G6 lineup will be like, and it seems that there won't be any challenge from that corner in terms of specifications, at least.

Aside from the question marks hanging over the Zenfone Max Pro M1's camera quality and slightly underwhelming battery life, Asus has managed to pull off a massive achievement. With Flipkart on board as an exclusive partner, we're hoping that the logistics of availability and distribution will not be bottlenecked. Asus is promising that it has every intention of ensuring that there's adequate supply to meet demand, and that it isn't interested in flash sales or running out of stock quickly to create buzz. That's excellent news for buyers. We can't wait to see how Xiaomi responds.

When we look back at the time that has passed since the Asus Zenfone 4, 5 and 6 were launched in India, it's incredible to consider just how much better budget smartphones have become. We would never have believed that great phones could be this affordable, but here we are with the Zenfone Max Pro M1. Asus is sending a clear message that it intends to do whatever it takes to be successful in India, and once again, buyers win.

We discussed whether Asus Zenfone Max Pro M1 is a Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro killer on Orbital, our weekly technology podcast, which you can subscribe to via Apple Podcasts or RSS, download the episode, or just hit the play button below.Shubman Gill cracked an unbeaten 36-ball 57 while captain Dinesh Karthik bludgeoned a 18-ball 45 not out to guide Kolkata Knight Riders (KKR) to a six-wicket win over Chennai Super Kings (CSK) in an Indian Premier League (IPL) clash at the Eden Gardens.India's Rohan More on Sunday became the first Asian swimmer and the youngest ever to swim across the Cook Strait between North and South Islands of New Zealand. The teenager from Pune completed the feat in eight hours and 37 minutes. Starting from the North Island in temperatures of around 19 degrees Celsius, More battled inclement weather and a sudden drop in temperature to complete the task.

With this feat, More became the ninth person in the world to complete the Ocean's Seven marathon.

The Ocean's Seven consists of seven long-distance open-water swims, which includes the North Channel, the Cook Strait, the Molokai Channel, the English Channel, the Catalina Channel, the Tsugaru Strait and the Strait of Gibraltar.Indo-Asian News Service

Indian paddlers never looked in the contention as Manika and Mouma failed to match the skill and tenacity of the their opponents.Kenny Natt, a former basketball player who has about 13 years of coaching experience has signed a two-year contract with the Indian basketball team.Microsoft on Monday began rolling out the Windows 10 April 2018 Update (version 1803) to eligible Windows 10 PCs and tablets. Users can expect the update to be made available across the globe over the course of the next few weeks. This essentially means that the feature update will not be available on all PCs immediately, but can be downloaded manually. The Redmond giant had announced the starting date of the Windows 10 April 2018 Update rollout on Friday. There are several new features that the April 2018 Update brings to Windows 10, from the much-anticipated Timeline feature, to the Focus Assist distraction-free mode, new Microsoft Edge features, improved Dictation capabilities, as well as new Cortana skills.

Right now, the new version is available for users who want to get it manually, and then on May 8, the company will start rolling out through Windows Update. Notably, some of the devices may take months before they get it the update automatically. Here is how to download and install the update.

Windows 10 April 2018 Update with Windows Update : To download and install version 1803 using Windows Update, go to Settings > Update and security > Check for updates. Once the update is downloaded, restart the PC.

Windows 10 April 2018 Update with Update Assistant : To install the latest version of Windows 10 manually using Update Assistant, download the Update Assistant from the Microsoft support website. Now, double-click the Windows10Upgrade.exe file to launch the tool. Click the Update Now button. If your PC is compatible, click the Next button to begin the upgrade. Further, restart the device. Once the Update Assistant tool is done downloading the necessary files to upgrade your device, the user will have to follow the on-screen directions to finish the out-of-box-experience (OOBE).

Windows 10 April 2018 Update with Media Creation Tool : You can perform an in-place upgrade or clean installation of Windows 10 with the new feature update manually using the Media Creation Tool. After version 1803 becomes available through this tool, download the Media Creation Tool from the Microsoft support website. Now, double-click the MediaCreationTool.exe file. Then, click the Accept button to agree to the terms and select the Upgrade this PC now option. Further, click on Accept > Next > Keep personal files and apps > Install. Notably, you can also use the Media Creation Tool to create a bootable media to go through the upgrade or clean install of Windows 10.

Read on for a more comprehensive list of changes that the Windows 10 April 2018 Update brings.

Timeline

Timeline lets users go back up to 30 days to find documents, photos, videos or other content. Part of the Task View interface, it can be accessed by using Windows + Tab, the Task View icon on the taskbar, or by swiping up four fingers on supported touchpads. Users can also sync activities from a variety of supported devices, letting you easily migrate your work between devices, while activity icons will show documents and webpages you opened in supported apps. You can turn of Activity History for local and connected PCs from Settings > Privacy > Activity History.

Focus Assist

Focus Assist is a new distraction-free mode for Windows 10. Arriving with the April 2018 Update, it lets users block distractions like social media and other notifications. Users can turn it on manually, or set it to turn on at fixed times during the day. Once Focus Assist is turned off, users will receive a summary of what all they missed, from notifications to emails to other updates.

Users will also be able to choose particular contacts whose calls and emails they want to still receive, despite Focus Assist being turned on, giving them Priority status. The Focus Assist feature was formerly called Quiet Hours, and to access all its settings, you need to visit: Settings > System > Focus Assist.

Microsoft Edge

The Redmond giant is bringing several changes to its browser, Microsoft Edge. Users can now click the audio icon to mute and unmute a tab that is playing sound. Users can also make books, PDFs, and Reading View as full-screen. There is also the option to securely autofill on web payment forms. address, payment and other information can be securely saved with the option to autofill on web payment forms. You can now clear out clutter from your printouts by printing web pages in a cleaner format with the new clutter-free printing option. Finally, anyone needing a little help with reading can use the new Grammar Tools button to enable comprehension aids. Grammar Tools can break the words on the page into syllables, as well as highlight different parts of speech such as nouns, verbs, and adjectives.

New Cortana Skills for Smart Home

Cortana now connects to more home automation services, making it possible to control the devices using voice commands from a PC. With the April 2018 Update and Cortana enabled on Windows 10 PC, users can now manage their smart homes right from PCs using just their voice. For instance, you can tap Cortana on your PC and say "Hey Cortana, set the living room thermostat to 72 degrees" to control your ecobee, Honeywell, Nest Learning thermostat, and more.

Dictation

Windows already has several dictation tools, but Microsoft is now creating a quick way to access the inbuilt- Windows 10 version with the April 2018 Update. You can access it with the Windows key + H keyboard shortcut, and it will let you dictate into any app. It is now easier to take a note or write a paper, with just your voice.

IT Management Tools

The April 2018 Update brings simplified IT management tools for enterprise customers. The company has announced some new capabilities and updates coming to Microsoft 365, including a modern desktop powered by Windows 10 and Office 365 ProPlus, solutions for Firstline workers, streamlined device management with lower costs, integrated administration experience, and built-in compliance. To begin to simplify your IT management, Microsoft says, you can plan for Windows 7 and Office 2010 EOL (January and October 2020, respectively) and upgrade to a modern desktop, enroll in Windows Analytics, activate Upgrade Readiness, onboard your devices, and upgrade to the latest version of Windows, plan and execute your first Windows AutoPilot deployment, get familiar with the new Microsoft 365 admin center experience, and start using the Security & Compliance Center and the Compliance Manager to track regulatory compliance and controls.Five-time world champion Viswanathan Anand suffered a shocking defeat at the hands of Canadian Grandmaster Anton Kovalyov and now faces ouster threat from the World Chess Cup on Thursday. Having struggled in the second game of the first round that he eventually managed to draw, Anand's dip in form continued against Kovalyov who kept his nerves in a thrilling game after a speculative piece sacrifice by the Indian ace. For the records, it was a Sicilian Najdorf wherein Anand continued with a typical variation he has been using off-late. Kovalyov got a slightly worse position in the middle game but stayed put with some fine defensive manoeuvres.

After the trade of queens, the Canadian Grandmaster was surprised by a knight sacrifice by Anand but again held on to his guard despite his king taking a walk around the centre.

As it turned out, Anand's sacrifice was not enough to get any advantage and in the end Kovalyov's extra piece had the final say.

Down a point in the two-games mini-match, Anand will now have to win with black pieces in the return game. If Anand wins, tiebreak games of shorter duration will be played to determine the winner.

Meanwhile, Grandmaster Vidit Gujrathi made a strong bid for the third round by winning his game as black against top Vietnamese Le Quang Leim. Gujrathi now just needs a draw in the next game which should not be a tall order with white pieces.

Gujrathi employed the Ragozin defense to draw the first blood. The opening gave nothing to Quang Leim and he even offered an early draw that was rejected by the Indian. As it happened, Gujrathi won a pawn in the ensuing endgame and made the technicalities look like child's play.

Grandmaster S P Sethuraman showed his first round victory against Ruslan Ponomariov of Ukraine was no flash in the pan and easily held higher-ranked compatriot P Harikrishna to a draw with black pieces.

The other remaining Indian, B Adhiban was up to the task in a deep opening preparation and drew with higher-rated Ian Nepomniachtchi of Russia. Sacrifice and counter sacrifices ensued right from the beginning in this spectacular game and in the end the draw was agreed through repetition of moves.

In the other top matches, world champion Magnus Carlsen of Norway outclassed Aleksey Dreev of Russia while Vladimir Kramnik put it across his Russian counterpart Anton Demchenko. There were just seven decisive games out of a possible 32 in the first game of the second round.

The World Cup is a knock out event with two games under normal time control followed by Rapid or blitz games to determine the winner. The total prize money at stake is 1.6 million USD and the two will qualify to the next candidates' tournament.

Important and Indian results round 2 game 1:

Aleksey Dreev (Rus) lost to Magnus Carlsen (Nor); Wesley So (Usa) drew with Matthias Bluebaum (Ger); Lenic Luka (Slo) drew with Fabiano Caruana (Usa); Vladimir Kramnik (Rus) beat Anton Demchenko (Rus); Hou Yifan (Chn) drew with Levon Aronian (Arm); Shakhriyar Mamedyarov (Aze) drew with Yuriy Kuzubov (Ukr); Bruzon Batista Lazaro (Cub) drew with Hikaru Nakamura (Usa); Maxime Vachier-Lagrave (Fra) beat Boris Grachev (Rus); Jorge Cori (Per) drew with Alexander Grischuk (Rus); V Anand (Ind) lost to Anton Kovalyov (CAN); Karjakin Sergey (Rus) drew with Daniil Dubov (Rus); Alexander Motylev (Rus) drew with Anish Giri (Ned); B Adhiban (Ind) drew with Ian Nepomniachtchi (Rus); P Harikrishna (Ind) drew with S P Sethuraman (Ind); Le Quang Liem (Vie) lost to Vidit Gujrathi (Ind).Fresh from booking their place in the Champions League final after a dramatic night in Rome, Liverpool's European heroes return to the fight for a Premier League top four finish when they face Chelsea on Sunday. Jurgen Klopp's side are still on a high following a 2-4 defeat at Roma on Wednesday that clinched a 7-6 aggregate success in the Champions League semi-finals. Liverpool will take on holders Real Madrid in their eighth European Cup final appearance on May 26 in Kiev. But first the Reds have to ensure they feature in next season's Champions League.

Third-placed Liverpool are six points ahead of fifth-placed Chelsea, but they would give renewed hope to the Blues if they are beaten at Stamford Bridge.

A Liverpool win this weekend would make it impossible for Chelsea to catch them, ensuring the Reds will qualify for next season's Champions League with a game in spare.

Even a draw in west London would effectively seal their top four place because Liverpool have a vastly superior goal difference.

Failing that, victory at home to Brighton on the final day of the league season would do the job before Liverpool focus on their European showdown with Cristiano Ronaldo and company.

Three draws in their past four league outings against Everton, West Bromwich Albion and Stoke -- partly the result of Klopp prioritising Champions League progress -- have allowed Chelsea to close to the gap.

Antonio Conte's men have three league games remaining to Liverpool's two, meaning if the Londoners win their remaining fixtures they will, at worst, finish level on points with the Champions League finalists.

For Klopp's peace of mind and to rest a tiring squad with a growing injury list, guaranteeing qualification on Sunday is the ideal scenario.

With that in mind, Klopp has no intention of resting key players like former Chelsea winger Mohamed Salah and Brazil forward Roberto Firmino this weekend.

"We have two semis again against Chelsea and Brighton and then we have two weeks. The league is equally important (as the Champions League)," Klopp said.

"We can make life easier for us by winning at Chelsea.

"It is not we can decide about leaving one out. We cannot play players who are not available.

"From Wednesday to Sunday in terms of turnaround is OK. The whole season is a constant challenge. We have fought hard for our position in the league.

"Of course it is a big advantage for Chelsea not playing in the week."

'Good opportunity'

Chelsea have no margin for error as they look to end a troubled season on a high by finishing in the top four and winning the FA Cup final against Manchester United.

The deposed champions are five points behind fourth-placed Tottenham, with both teams having three games to play.

Regardless of whether or not Chelsea finish in the top four, it seems likely manager Antonio Conte will leave at the end of the season.

Conte has feuded with the Chelsea hierarchy over their failure to back his transfer plans last summer and Napoli's Maurizio Sarri this week became the latest manager to be linked with the Italian's job.

Even so, Conte remains focused on getting Chelsea back into the top four after a run of three successive league wins.

Hopeful of taking advantage of Liverpool tiredness after their European exploits, Conte said: "This could be a good opportunity for us.

"As I said a lot of times in the last three games, if we want to keep the hope alive we have to win. We have to get three points.

"Liverpool are a good team. It won't be easy, but if we want to keep alive the hope, we have to try to win, to get three points on Sunday."President Xi and Prime Minister Modi agreed to step up cultural exchanges. (File)

For once the Chinese officials were caught napping by none other than Prime Minister Narendra Modi during his informal summit with President Xi Jinping in Wuhan, China's Ambassador to India Luo Zhaohui revealed.During his first one-on-one meeting with President Xi at the Hubei Provincial Museum, Prime Minister Modi told his host that this was his second visit to Hubei province, surprising the Chinese officials, who otherwise keep a track of all bilateral and official visits minutely."We didn't know that Prime Minister Modi had visited Wuhan earlier," Luo told the participants of a seminar on the two-day informal summit between the leaders of India and China held in Wuhan city from April 27.PM Modi told Xi that when he was the Gujarat chief minister, he had an opportunity to visit central China's Hubei Province on a study tour to learn about the massive Three Gorges Dam. PM Modi was the Gujarat chief minister from October 2001 to May 2014"The speed with which you constructed this dam and its scale inspired me. So I came on a study tour and spent a day at the dam," PM Modi had told Xi.As the world's largest hydropower project, the Three Gorges project is a multifunctional water control system on the mighty Yangtze river. It comprises a dam stretching 2,309 meters long and 185 meters high, 32 hydropower turbo-generators, a five-tier ship lock and ship lift system.Mr Luo said China took special care to provide an enabling and comfortable environment for Prime Minister Modi in Wuhan, with the ambassador himself carrying with him table clothes from Gujarat and Assam tea for the visiting dignitary.While sharing some of the efforts made by the Chinese leadership to make Prime Minister Modi feel at home in the central Chinese city, over 1,000 km from Beijing, Mr Luo said President Xi has met the Indian premier 13 times in the last five years of his first term.Mr Luo said Chinese officials came to know that Prime Minister Modi liked table clothes from Gujarat. "So we decided to use them during the informal summit.""We didn't serve Chinese tea to Prime Minister Modi but Assam tea," he said.During the summit, the two leaders agreed to build on the rich cultures of the two great oriental civilisations and harness the rich human resources of their combined population of 2.6 billion. President Xi and Prime Minister Modi agreed to step up cultural exchanges by promoting people-to-people links and unleashing the vitality of the two emerging economies.For this, the two sides have agreed to establish a high-level cultural and people-to-people exchange mechanism, the envoy said.Highlights Janardhana Reddy wanted to campaign for his brother Somasekar Reddy He is an accused in the illegal mining case "There is no need for him to campaign in the elections," top court ruled

Mining baron Gali Janardhana Reddy, who is out on bail, cannot campaign on his home-turf Ballari for the May 12 Karnataka election, the Supreme Court said today.Janardhana Reddy, who was jailed for corruption, cannot enter Ballari as a condition for his release on bail in 2015.The court today rejected his request for a 10-day reprieve from the ban to campaign for his brother Somasekhara Reddy, a BJP candidate, and cast his vote in the election next Saturday."There is no need for him to campaign in the elections," said the court, reiterating his bail conditions.Janardhana Reddy has set up base at the edge of Ballari and has been seen campaigning for his brother Somasekhara Reddy and close friend B Sriramulu, a BJP candidate in Molakalmaru in Chitradurga district. His temporary office just 45 km from Ballari town is a hub of planning and strategy for the polls.A former minister engulfed in corruption charges, Janardhana Reddy has been campaigning despite BJP president Amit Shah saying he has "nothing to do with the BJP." The BJP's presumptive chief minister BS Yeddyurappa also said he was "only helping out".Janardhana Reddy, one-third of the Reddy brothers who enjoy tremendous influence in the Ballari region, has been charged in over 60 cases of illegal mining and spent three years in jail.The Reddys' wealth and power was seen to be a key driver when the BJP won the election in Karnataka in 2008 and form its first government in the south. But their clout has diminished considerably since then, over investigations allegations that peaked in 2011 when the state's top anti-corruption officer at the time, Santosh Hegde, published a report that said the brothers were running a "Republic of Ballari".This election marks their gradual return to political prominence. Despite distancing itself from Janardhana Reddy, the BJP has fielded both his brothers; Karunakar Reddy is contesting from Harapanahalli.

The Karnataka election results will be declared on May 15.



India's table tennis ace Mouma Das , who returned home on Tuesday after a spectacular double medal conquest at the Gold Coast Commonwealth Games, spent some anxious hours when the Delhi Customs held her check-in baggage after detecting a power bank, which the player said she did not carry. Then, Mouma, on her arrival at the NSCBI Airport here, found her baggage had not arrived and took to Twitter to complain to the air carrier Jet Airways. The air carrier replied that she had put her power bank in the check-in baggage, which was "strictly prohibited".

"Mouma, your baggage has been held by customs due to carriage of power bank in the check-in baggage which is strictly prohibited," said the carrier, asking her to share documents so that the process of releasing the luggage could be expedited.

Mouma, however, replied that she had not carried any such gadget.

The paddler, who was part of the gold medal winning India women's team and also partnered Manika Batra to the doubles silver at Gold Coast, then tagged Sports Minister Rajyavardhan Rathore in one of her tweets. A little later she also sought help from External Affairs minister Sushma Swaraj and the Prime Minister's Office, by tagging them in a tweet.

Acting promptly, Rathore directed the Sports Authority of India in another tweet to take up the issue with the Finance Minister immediately.

But the issue was resolved late on Tuesday night after Mouma spoke to her teammates and learnt that a souvenir bag presented by the games organisers did carry a power bank. She admitted her mistake to the Delhi Customs authorities.

"The issue has now been resolved. It was my fault. I never carry a power bank with me.

"When I tweeted earlier I did not know that a souvenir bag given to us carried a power bank. I have confirmed it from Manika and others. I have written to the authorities about the presence of the power bank. The baggage will now be sent to me on Wednesday morning. I am told they are taking very good care of it," Mouma told IANS.Some things in life cannot be replaced like fresh air, morning sunshine, golden sunsets and the bright and blooming nature. But it’s hard to imagine an enjoyable summer when the temperatures soar up to 50 degrees and the outdoors seem like a fire pit. To live up to the perfect summer picture we have in our hearts, it’s best to switch up a few things around your living space. Who doesn’t enjoy summer nights in the garden, sipping wine and listening to music or the relaxed mornings with fresh juices and inspiring books? Craft your ideal summertime with some simple and do-able decor tailoring around the house!

1. Freshness of Nature

When you think about summer, vibrant flowers, fresh fruits and plants come to mind. Start your summer home revamping here by incorporating fresh plants and flowers inside the house. Place fresh seasonal fruits on the dining table; adorn the corners and entryway with fragrant and healthy plants.

Alps Ladder Shelf A Shaped By Studio Earthbox

2. The Beach Vibe

Summer vacations instantly remind us of beaches, swimming, pina-coladas and fun times with friends. Recreate the same feeling by opting for nautical and beachy décor. Striped rugs, rustic chairs, jute ottomans, shades of blue and white are great to work with and create the perfect summer aesthetic.

5 X8 Flat Weave Wool Rugs By Jaipur Rugs

3.Brighten Up the Space

Bright colors are happy colors. There is no better season than spring and summer to play around with some colors when decorating. Think the natural shades of green and citrus, the spring colors and floral patterns for your cushions, drapery and bed covers.

Ikka Dukka Hand Blocked Yellow Cushion Cover By Ikka Dukka Studio Pvt Ltd

4.Organic Appeal

Make your haven look and feel more natural and peachy by adding earthy elements to your décor. Jute and wood furniture, wooden and bamboo accessories, fresh plants are all ways to do it. Simple accents like a rustic tray made with teakwood or a jute basket will go add the interest and aesthetic you need for your dream summer home.

Upcycle Rope Ottomon By Desi Jugaad

5. Art for the Walls

Even if you have dark walls, you can instantly brighten them up by hanging up vibrant art prints. Affordable art in a large size or various small ones placed together is perfect for switching up the wall décor on a budget. There are thousands of artworks for you to pick from that go with the theme, like this floral one.

Blooming Amaltas By Animesh Roy

View Curation Songs Of SummerPatna Pirates sealed its place in the final of Vivo Pro Kabaddi League (PKL) - Season 5 defeating Bengal Warriors 47-44 in the Qualifier Two at Nehru Stadium on Thursday. For Patna Pirates, Pardeep Narwal was the star of the show once again and scored 23 raid points. The winners played solid defence from the back and scored 10 tackle points. For Bengal Warriors, Maninder Singh scored 17 points but didn't get enough support from the defenders as they scored just six tackle points.

Bengal Warriors scored more raid points than Patna but were let down by its defenders.

Patna Pirates will now play Gujarat Fortunegiants in the final to be played here on October 28.

It is Patna Pirates' third consecutive final in the Pro Kabaddi League.IPL 2018: Chennai Super Kings Go Top Of The Table With Six-Wicket Win vs Royal Challengers Bangalore

After this win, Chennai Super Kings find themselves on top of the IPL points table with 14 points from 10 matches.