A game set in the world of Harry Potter that lets you attend Hogwarts during a decade that J.K. Rowling hasn't written about is an enticing prospect. It's the premise for Harry Potter: Hogwarts Mystery, available on the App Store and Google Play, and it's bound to attract legions of fans who've devoured every book and film multiple times over, and have always wanted to role-play as a student of Hogwarts, just like Harry and his friends.

But there's a big problem with the new Potter game, one that harkens back to the first era of free-to-play mobile games: putting long time restrictions on everything in a bid to push players to opt for in-app purchases that will rack up over time. Stupidly, Hogwarts Mystery introduces its first restriction way too early, before players have had a chance to see much of the game, let alone be hooked to it. And it only gets progressively worse as you venture forward, until it becomes nigh impossible to play.

After asking you to choose between playing as a witch or a wizard, Hogwarts Mystery drops you right into Diagon Alley, and has you run through the basic tasks that a first-year Hogwarts student must: collect your books from Flourish and Blotts, and pick up a wand from Ollivanders, before boarding the train on Platform Nine and Three-Quarters. In Diagon Alley, you'll also make your first friend, Rowan Khanna, in addition to learning about your older brother's dark past.

Once you're at Hogwarts, Albus Dumbledore will announce that Harry Potter is safe, which means the headmaster has already placed the infant with his aunt, and the game begins in the same year. You'll then be led through the sorting ceremony, and because the game's developers Jam City want everyone to be happy, you're free to pick from all the four houses – Gryffindor, Ravenclaw, Hufflepuff, and Slytherin – turning the all-knowing Sorting Hat into mere set dressing.

Harry Potter: Wizards Unite Is the Next AR Game From Pokemon Go Studio

After a visit to the common room of the house you choose, you'll begin your classes and meet Merula Snyde of House Slytherin, with the game essentially trying to copy-paste the rivalry between Harry and Draco Malfoy during their school years. And during multiple interactions, you'll be reminded of your older brother, who was expelled from Hogwarts and has since disappeared, with some claiming that he's helping Voldemort.

Performing any task in Hogwarts Mystery costs energy, be it progressing the story forward or taking part in classes. To complete missions, you need a certain number of stars, which is done by simply tapping on a highlighted area of the screen and then spending energy to finish the job. But as you can expect from a free-to-play game, energy is artificially scarce by design. And when you run out of energy, you'll be prompted to either wait or pay up. You need 55 gems to fill your energy bar in the beginning, and you can buy gems in different sets: Rs. 65 for 25 gems, going up to Rs. 6,500 for 3,125 gems.

Just 20 minutes into the game, trying to free ourselves from a Devil's Snare – the same thing that trapped Harry and Hermione in The Philosopher's Stone – we had to cast the spell Lumos. But after two incantations, we were out of energy and left watching a vine tighten its grip around our character's neck. Hogwarts Mystery then threw up a dialog box, asking us to wait until energy bar would recharge – it takes four minutes for one, so 96 minutes for the full thing – which means you'll be waiting more and playing less.

Frustratingly enough, each mission also comes with a timer, from an hour to eight hours. If you wait too long for the energy bar to refill, you've to start over from scratch, which means you'll have to go through the same wait if you start the class at the wrong time. Essentially, you should never begin a new chapter in Hogwarts Mystery just before bedtime since the timer will likely expire by the time you wake up, leaving you in the same fix as the night before. Even if you're okay paying for energy, it's a short fix given you'll run out of it in another 20 minutes.

Harry Potter and the Cursed Child Is Devoid of the Rowling Magic

And then there are the other problems of Hogwarts Mystery. For one, the story isn't engaging even with the presence of characters from Potter's time, including Professor McGonagall and Hagrid among others. Though the developers have signed on some of the actors to voice the known characters, others don't have a voice, and just make a variety of reaction sounds. Aside from that, the duels are essentially rock-paper-scissors. There are also lore inconsistencies in the game, such as the Firebolt being mentioned years before it is invented. And finally, the game suffers from an uninspired, generic soundtrack.

If the Fantastic Beasts film franchise can use the Harry Potter soundtrack for itself when it bears no connection to his story, why can't a Hogwarts story set merely a decade prior make use of the same nostalgia-hit that the music delivers? Surely it can't be a rights issue, given the publisher Portkey Games is a subsidiary of Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment, which as you can tell is owned by Warner Bros., the studio that has the rights to all films.

But even if the game were to get the famous soundtrack, it would be impossible to paper over its many faults. Most of the time, gameplay in Hogwarts Mystery consists of tapping and tracing lines, until you run out of energy in ten minutes or so, making friends by going through question and answer rounds, or taking part in aforementioned rock-paper-scissor duels. That's not a game, it's a framework for a pay grab: by setting it in the Potterverse, the parties involved think they've done enough.

For some fans, that may well be the case. But until Harry Potter: Hogwarts Mystery stops forcing players to choose between waiting hours to play minutes, or forking over real cash to get more game time, we're going to keep the game off our phones. Evanesco!

Pros:

Visit an undiscovered era of Potterverse

Cons:

Heavy micro-transactions

Uninspired gameplay

Generic story, soundtrack

Limited voice-acting

Errors in canon

Rating (out of 10): 4With a lineup like this you have a great excuse to beat the heat and stay indoors. Here's our list of games that we're looking forward to this May.Qualcomm can depose Apple's services chief Eddy Cue in addition to Chief Executive Tim Cook, a magistrate judge in the US District Court for the Southern District of California ruled on Friday, a part of the chipmaker's effort to determine whether Apple worked with Samsung to focus regulatory scrutiny on Qualcomm.

The access to Cue is important because Qualcomm alleges talks between executives at Apple and its rival Samsung Electronics were central to its decision to cut off Apple from a stream of nearly $1 billion (approximately Rs. 6,682 crores) in licensing rebate payments.

Apple sued Qualcomm early last year, contesting the San Diego-based chipmaker's licensing practices and asking for those rebate payments back. Qualcomm then sued Apple for patent infringement in several countries. As part of the disputes, Qualcomm is also seeking to ban the import of some iPhones it believes are violating its patents.

In the lawsuit in Southern California filed by Apple, Qualcomm has alleged that at a conference in Idaho in 2015, a top Apple executive encouraged Samsung to "get aggressive" in asking South Korean antitrust regulators to pursue action against the chipmaker.

Cook and Cue are regular attendees of a media mogul conference held each year in Sun Valley, Idaho. The Apple executive in question, Qualcomm alleged, explained that a regulatory ruling on Samsung's home turf would be Samsung's "best chance" to force Qualcomm to change its licensing practices.

Qualcomm did not name the Apple executive cited in its filings. However, the conversation between Apple and Samsung is important because Qualcomm alleges it amounted to Apple "wrongfully inducing" a regulatory action against Qualcomm.

Qualcomm said such a move violated a cooperation agreement it had with Apple and that it stopped sending rebate payments to Apple because of that and other violations of the agreement.

Apple has argued in court filings that it cooperated with requests from regulators and that Qualcomm improperly retaliated against it for doing so.

Though Qualcomm is known as a chipmaker, its profit has been driven by a patent licensing business. Some of Qualcomm's practices caused conflicts with customers such as Apple and Huawei Technologies Co Ltd, as well as with regulators in China, Korea and the United States. Qualcomm has begun changing some of those practices to become more "regulator friendly," its executives have said.

Apple declined to comment, and Samsung and Qualcomm did not immediately respond to requests for comment.

© Thomson Reuters 2018Elon Musk, the feisty leader of an empire to build new-age cars and rockets whose dismissive call this week with financial analysts has drawn controversy, last month hung up on the top US transportation accident investigator.

Robert Sumwalt, chairman of the National Transportation Safety Board, said that during an April 11 phone call he told Musk that blog posts by Tesla casting blame on the driver of a Model X for a fatal California crash had gone too far. Earlier, the NTSB had warned Tesla not to make statements about the accident while it was under investigation.

Sumwalt then said he was taking the unusual step of kicking Tesla's representatives off the investigation.

"Best I remember, he hung up on us," Sumwalt said Thursday at the International Society of Air Safety Investigators' Mid-Atlantic Regional Chapter dinner in his first public comments on the exchange.

In the speech, Sumwalt had been discussing the NTSB's longtime practice of enlisting companies and other government agencies to assist its investigations and praised the cooperation it received from Southwest Airlines following an engine failure that killed a passenger on April 17.

After the April 11 call, Tesla issued a statement saying it "withdrew" from the probe. Only on April 12 did the NTSB issue a release saying it had actually removed the car manufacturer.

The NTSB is looking at why the battery on the Model X caught fire March 23 after the car struck a highway barrier in Mountain View, California. After NTSB opened the investigation, Tesla announced that the car was being guided by the semi-autonomous driving feature known as Autopilot and the driver's hands hadn't been detected on the wheel for six seconds. NTSB then expanded the probe to look at autonomous driving issues.

The NTSB, which is also investigating a January Tesla crash near Los Angeles, hasn't yet released a preliminary report on the Mountain View crash.

After its removal, Tesla accused NTSB of being "more concerned with press headlines than actually promoting safety" and defended its right to warn other drivers to remain engaged while using Autopilot. The company didn't immediately respond to a request for comment on Sumwalt's latest speech.

The outspoken Musk generated headlines this week, as well as a tumble in his company's share price, by rejecting questions from financial analysts during a call to release financial earnings. He called inquiries "boneheaded" and "absurd."

He cut off analysts and got defensive about probing questions pertaining to the company's finances.

© 2018 Bloomberg LPApple Watch Series 3 GPS + Cellular variant is set to launch in India this month as Apple has partnered with Reliance Jio and Airtel to bring the wearable to users in the country. With announcements made late last month, the GPS + Cellular version of the Apple Watch Series 3 is now up for pre-orders on Airtel's online store, as well as across Jio.com, Reliance Digital stores, and Jio stores. It will be made available for purchase, from the above mentioned outlets, starting May 11.

The Apple Watch Series 3 Cellular pre-booking pages on both Airtel's and Jio's websites are now live. To register on Airtel, users need to enter in their Airtel mobile numbers in order to get exclusive invites on May 11. On the other hand, Jio requires your pin-code to verify delivery parameters for the Apple Watch Series 3 Cellular variant. To recall, Jio customers that pre-book the wearable before May 11 will be entitled to free first day home delivery. Add to that, the Apple Watch Series 3 GPS + Cellular will work with no additional charge for both Jio prepaid and postpaid connections, and only on Airtel's postpaid Infinity plans on Airtel.

Earlier, pricing of the Apple Watch Series 3's cellular variant was revealed exclusively by Gadgets 360. The 38mm model with Aluminium case and Sport Band is priced at Rs. 39,080, and the 42mm model of the same configuration comes at Rs. 41,120 in India. Additionally, the 38mm version with Aluminium case and Nike Sport Band is priced at Rs. 39,130, while the 42mm Nike variant comes in at Rs. 41,180. These prices have now been listed on Jio.com as well. The website also reveals the pricing of the Apple Watch Series 3 Edition; Rs. 1,18,030 for the 38mm variant and Rs. 1,22,090 for the 42mm one.

The new variant will sit alongside the Apple Watch Series 3 GPS-only in the country. As per Apple's official website, the Aluminium case with Sport Band variant is priced starting at Rs. 32,380, while the Aluminium case with Nike Sport Band model is priced upwards of Rs. 32,470.Noise cancelling earphones are a great way to isolate yourself from the hustle-bustle of everyday life. While traveling on the metro, working in the office or even listening to music at home, noise-cancelling earphones envelop you in a cocoon of your own thoughts.

Most such earphones are extremely expensive. There are very few examples out there that offer good active noise cancellation on a budget. The Samsung Level In ANC aims to fill this void with noise cancellation up to 20db, a rechargeable battery, and a premium design - all for less than Rs. 4,000.

Let's see if the Samsung Level In ANC is worth its Rs. 3,799 sticker price.

Samsung Level In ANC design

Despite being predominantly made of plastic, the Samsung Level In ANC looks and feels quite premium. The only traces of metal, on the outer edges of the earpiece housings, adds some much-needed design flair.

The right earpiece cable has a three-button inline remote with mic that is easy to use. The buttons can be distinguished by feel and are not mushy at all. The mic also performs well - we experienced no issues while on calls during our test period.

The one-metre-long cable is covered with a braided fabric which not only looks and feels great, but also prevents it from tangling. There is a fairly hefty inline module just after the 3.5mm plug that houses the battery and noise cancellation circuitry. The lack of a right-angled 3.5mm plug, which can better withstand the rigours of day to-day use, is a bit of a letdown.

Samsung Level In ANC performance

The Level In ANC earbuds are extremely comfortable thanks to their ergonomic shape and the ear-hooks that keep them in place even when working out. There are four sets of eartips bundled in the box - small, medium, large, and extra-large - making it easy to get a good fit.

The sound signature of the Samsung Level In ANC skews towards bass and treble, with the mids definitely taking a backseat, though the bass is quite punchy and does not distort, even at high volumes. The clarity is disappointing - it's difficult to tell instruments apart in densely layered recordings such as Radiohead's Kid A and Arcade Fire's Funeral. These earphones are best for genres such as EDM, R&B and Pop, in which vocals are not predominant and the focus is on the bass.

Samsung claims that the Level In ANC is capable of reducing external noise by up to 90 percent. Each earpiece has a microphone that picks up external noise. The device analyses ambient noise and creates inverted sound waves to cancel it out.

Unlike other noise cancelling earphones in this price range that take standard off-the-shelf AA batteries, the Level In ANC has a built-in rechargeable battery, which is extremely convenient. The earphones lasted around 6-7 hours on a single charge during our test period, which is less than the 9 hours promised by Samsung.

There are two noise cancellation modes to choose from - 'Talk-in mode' allows a certain amount of ambient sound in so that you can be aware of your surroundings, and 'ANC' activates noise cancellation to the fullest extent possible.

While the quality of noise cancellation pales in comparison to expensive products from the likes of Bose and Sony, what you get is good enough for the price. In fact, the Level In ANC does a better job at cutting out external noise than most other offerings in this price range.

While this pair of earphones does struggle a bit in extremely noisy environments such as the metro or a coffee shop, it is more than capable of cutting out distractions and letting you focus on your music or any other content in the office and at home.

However, the Level In ANC does emit quite a loud hiss, which becomes quite irritating when listening to soft acoustic tracks and music at low volumes. The 'Talk-in-mode' is a bit of a letdown because it's just a slightly lower level of noise cancellation. Similar modes in more expensive earphones intelligently filter in voices while blocking noise - which is much more useful.

Verdict

If noise cancellation is a must and your budget is tight, the Samsung Level In ANC is definitely worth looking at. These earphones are comfortable, have a rechargeable battery, and are built quite well. The noise cancelling is also fairly decent for the price.

However, the sound quality leaves a lot to be desired. If you can live without noise cancellation, you can find better-sounding earphones in this price range, such as the Fiio F3, SoundMagic EC 10, and Sennheiser CX 3.00.

Price: Rs 3,799 (MRP)

Pros

Good noise cancellation for the price

Rechargeable battery

Well designed remote

Cons

Average sound quality

Hissing at low volumes

Overall rating (Out of 5):HTC has scheduled a launch event on May 23 and all signs point towards the unveiling of the HTC U12+ smartphone. The company has not revealed details of the upcoming handset, but the HTC U12+ has been surfacing in rumours for a long time now, as has the HTC U12. The former is expected to be the Taiwanese phone manufacturer's flagship offering for 2018, the smartphone was expected to be unveiled in May. A successor to the HTC U11 series, the new smartphone manufacturer may skip the U12 variant to directly launch with the U12+ branding.

The company made the annoucement of a new smartphone's launch via Twitter on Thursday. In the tweet, HTC posted a picture that revealed the date of launch alongside the caption, "Coming Soon. A phone that is more than the sum of its specs." The tagline essentially hints at the company's efforts to distinguish itself in ways other than the race to launch handsets with latest hardware components. In the image, an exploded view of the components takes up the background, though it does not reveal any information about the smartphone.

Coming to the expected specifications, the design renders and case images of the HTC U12+ had already surfaced to highlight a dual rear camera setup and a thin-bezel, 18:9 display. The smartphone is also rumoured to come with two 8-megapixel sensors on the front and two 12-megapixel sensors at the back. It is reported to have a 5.99-inch LCD panel with a QHD+ resolution, Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 SoC, 6GB RAM, 64GB/ 128GB inbuilt storage, and a 3420mAh battery.

Interestingly, it is also possible that HTC may launch the U12 variant as well. Though some recent reports state that the company could ditch the U12 and launch the U12+ only, the former has also been spotted online. It is expected to run Android Oreo and sport a 6-inch Super WQHD LCD panel along with a "Frame less Display" design. It is unclear whether the smartphone is powered by the top-notch Snapdragon 845 SoC as the listing shows LTE Cat.12 support not the Cat.18 and Cat.13 for downloads and uploads. Another leak around case renders had suggested that the HTC U12+ will sport a horizontal dual camera setup, an LED flash, a rear-mounted fingerprint sensor, and HTC branding on the back.

Notably, the specification details of HTC U12+ should be taken with a pinch of salt, as there has been no official confirmation from the company. However, we may not have to wait for long to see what HTC is cooking up for 2018. It is interesting to see HTC still persisting with its smartphone lineup, especially after Google acquired a major chunk of the former's mobile engineering division.Feeling too good

By Harshita salian | 12 Nov 2017

I have really loved this phone.... More than that it was very discounted price gadgets360 has offered... Other than. Market rate Gadgets360 thanku so much.... Delivery n ua Service was also very fast before expected dates...Iranian President Hassan Rouhani has criticised the ban imposed on popular messaging app Telegram by the conservative-run judiciary, saying the move was "the opposite of democracy".

Iran blocked Telegram - widely used by Iranians, the state media, politicians and companies - earlier this week to protect national security, state television said, weeks after a similar move by Russia.

Iran had been considering the ban since January when protests over economic grievances erupted in more than 80 cities and later turned into demonstrations against the clerical and security elite.

Some officials said protesters used Telegram to organise rallies, which were ultimately contained by the Revolutionary Guards and their affiliated volunteer Basij militia. The app was temporarily blocked in January.

"Failure to follow legal procedures and the use of force and judicial means is ... the opposite of democracy," Rouhani, a pragmatic cleric who has advocated expanding social freedoms, said in an Instagram post late on Friday.

"The filtering and blocking of Telegram was not carried out by the government which does not approve of it," said Rouhani, who has opposed restricting access to social media.

Rouhani's powers are dwarfed by those of Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei who is close to conservatives and hardliners.

Iran's Shi'ite Muslim clerical rulers are wary of any revival of anti-government unrest should President Donald Trump refuse to extend US sanctions relief on Iran on May 12, a deadline he set for European signatories of Iran's 2015 nuclear deal with six world powers to "fix flaws" in the accord.

Government filtering prevents Iranians from accessing many internet sites on the official grounds that they are offensive or criminal. But many Iranians evade the filtering through the use of VPN software, which provides encrypted links directly to private networks abroad, and can allow a computer to behave as if it is based in another country.

© Thomson Reuters 2018News broke on Wednesday that Call of Duty: Black Ops 4 may not have a single-player campaign. According to several reports, the game’s publisher Activision found Black Ops 4's take on a single-player campaign to be “too out there” and retooling it would mean it wouldn’t be ready in time for release. If true, it would mean this would be the first Call of Duty game without a single-player campaign, and might even be an always online affair requiring a persistent Internet connection. In its place however, could be a battle royale mode helmed by long-time Call of Duty support studio, Raven Software.

If this information is correct, it would not be a surprise. With many a big budget triple A game company like Ubisoft, Microsoft, and EA extolling the virtues of games-as-a-service coupled with the success of multiplayer fare like Fortnite and PUBG, Activision and Treyarch jumping on the bandwagon is to be expected. That said, can Activision get away with charging $60 or Rs. 4,449 (which is how much Call of Duty games sell for in India) - basically full price - for a series that’s touted polished single-player experiences since its inception?

It’s not as if multiplayer games haven’t tried this tactic before. The original Titanfall comes to mind. It was an always online, multiplayer affair with little in way of single-player hijinks outside of a mode you could play with bots and it cost $60 (Rs. 3,499 in India). For publisher EA, Titanfall exceeded revenue expectations in no small part thanks to releasing during an uncrowded period — there simply was no competition at the time. Contrast that with its sequel that boasted of an excellent single-player campaign in addition to its multiplayer mode, but sold only a quarter of the original thanks to the fact it went against Battlefield 1 and Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare. Black Ops 4 faces a similar situation with an October 12 release date that should see it rub shoulders with the likes of Red Dead Redemption 2, and possibly FIFA 19, as well as Battlefield V.

Perhaps a precedent closer to home for Activision is Overwatch. It’s always online, costs $60 (Rs. 3,999 in India) and is multiplayer only. And yes, it’s obscenely successful thanks to sustained monetisation via cosmetic micro-transactions. Blizzard’s handiwork with Overwatch paves the way for its sister concern to do something similar. Although given the annual nature of the Call of Duty franchise — with three studios working around the clock to make sure a new game is out every year — it’s unlikely that Overwatch’s focus on lore building events and cosmetic items would translate well into the existing Call of Duty formula.

Call of Duty is unlikely to follow the same approach of having a single base game supported by a wealth of updates and loot boxes without releasing a new game a year later. Reason being, in 2017 Call of Duty World War 2, Call of Duty: Black Ops 3, and Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare generated $951 million in digital console sales revenue alone and were on the top 10 charts through the year. Call of Duty: World War 2 by itself netted $502 million in revenue in 2017, just $19 million less than GTA V — the largest selling entertainment product of all time. Given the ongoing success of Call of Duty, it wouldn’t make sense for Activision to stop making regular, yearly releases in the franchise.

Although there are plenty of reasons to release the game as multiplayer only, we can’t help but feel that if Call of Duty: Black Ops 4 releases without a single-player campaign, it would be a tough sell. There’s speculation abound that it could release with the Modern Warfare 2 campaign, but a remaster of a 2009 game isn’t why some of us bother with Call of Duty games year on year. More so when you consider that some of gaming’s greatest single-player moments — such as the All Ghillied Up mission in Call of Duty: Modern Warfare and the Viktor Reznov reveal in the first Call of Duty: Black Ops — stem from the Call of Duty series.

For the longest time, the three pillars of the Call of Duty experience were its campaign, multiplayer, and cooperative mode. This year it appears that the campaign would be replaced by a battle royale mode. And while this change might sync well with the Black Ops 4 tagline of “forget what you know”, it doesn’t seem to promise the same amount of value, at least on paper.

Hopefully the Call of Duty: Black Ops 4 reveal on May 17 proves us wrong, but it’s safe to say that regardless of the content (or lack thereof) in Call of Duty: Black Ops 4, expect to pay full price.

If you're a fan of video games, check out Transition, Gadgets 360's gaming podcast. You can listen to it via Apple Podcasts or RSS, or just listen to this week's episode by hitting the play button below.There is no denying that some smartphone manufacturers like to take inspiration from Apple’s designs. In the past, we have seen dozens of phones designed to look like the iPhone. Now that Apple has made a big design change with the iPhone X (Review), it was only a matter of time before other manufacturers followed suit. Asus was the first one to showcase the Zenfone 5 (2018) and Zenfone 5Z with a design heavily inspired by the iPhone X. Vivo has also taken the same approach with the Vivo V9, and since Asus hasn't launched its offerings in India yet, Vivo V9 has become the first Android smartphone in the country to launch with a notch.

The Vivo V9 is making headlines thanks to its thin screen bezel and the notch that sits right at the top. While the device looks pretty interesting, does it have the hardware to justify its Rs. 22,990 price tag? We put it to the test.

Vivo V9 design

Looking at the tall and narrow display on the Vivo V9, you might assume that its aspect ratio is 18:9 like many others. However, power it on, and the notch at the top is revealed. The notch is a lot smaller (in width) than the one on the iPhone X, and houses an earpiece, a selfie camera, and the proximity and ambient light sensors. It also houses a tiny notification light in the centre, just above the earpiece.

The notch is enveloped by the display on either side, which allows Vivo to claim that the screen measures 6.3 inches. The screen-to-body ratio is also said to be 90 percent. Pick the phone up and you will notice that it is quite light, weighing just 150g, primarily thanks to the use of plastic in its construction.

While it doesn’t feel as premium as the similarly priced Moto X4 (Review), it doesn’t feel cheap either. The glossy rear panel is made of high-quality plastic and isn’t slippery. However, it picks up fingerprints quite easily and you will need to keep cleaning it to preserve the glossy finish. Vivo has provided a clear case in the box, which you can use to avoid this issue completely.

Vivo has placed the power and the volume buttons on the right, while the SIM tray sits on the left. The Vivo V9 has a Micro-USB port at the bottom along with the loudspeaker, a 3.5mm headphone jack, and a microphone. The top is completely blank. Considering the price of the V9, we would have preferred a USB Type-C port, which is now quite common even on lower-priced phones such as the Xiaomi Mi A1 (Review).

Turn the phone around and you will see that it has two cameras positioned vertically, along with a single LED flash. The dual-camera module protrudes slightly but has a metal rim around it which keeps the lenses from getting scratched. Towards the centre of the phone's rear is a fingerprint reader, and a Vivo logo below it. We found that the fingerprint reader was placed a little to high for our liking. Other than that, the phone is comfortable to use, thanks to its rounded corners which don’t dig into your palms when holding it.

Vivo V9 specifications, software, and features

While the Vivo V9 looks like a high-end smartphone, the internals powering it are modest. Vivo has gone with the Qualcomm Snapdragon 626 SoC which is an octa-core processor clocked at 2.2GHz. The phone has 4GB of RAM and 64GB of internal storage. It is a dual-SIM device and has two Nano-SIM slots. Storage on the phone is expandable upto 256GB thanks to the dedicated microSD card slot.

The Vivo V9 sports a 6.3-inch IPS screen with a resolution of 1080x2280 pixels with a 9:19 aspect ratio. It has decent viewing angles but we found that our unit's display had a reddish tinge. Sadly this phone doesn't have options to tweak the display output, and as a result, you will have to settle with what you see.

There is no mention of any type of toughened glass, but Vivo does ship a pre-applied screen protector with the V9. In terms of connectivity, there is support for Bluetooth 4.2, dual-band WiFi, GPS, USB-OTG, and FM Radio. There is support for 4G and VoLTE, but only one SIM can access a 4G network at a time, while the other is restricted to 3G connectivity.

Vivo V9 ships with Android 8.1 Oreo and its custom Funtouch OS 4.0 UI on top. It comes with the February Android security patch, which is fairly recent. Funtouch doesn't implement Notification Dots or Smart Text Selection, but you do get the useful Picture in Picture mode. The company has used the display area around the notch quite well with the right side displaying the battery percentage and other system status icons such as Bluetooth, Wi-Fi, and VoLTE. The area to the left of the notch shows the signal strength and the icons of apps with pending notifications. Since the notch is relatively less wide, more information can be displayed than on the iPhone X.

Just like older versions of Funtouch OS, this one also looks similar to iOS. As a result, you have a Control Center when you swipe up from the bottom of the screen, and notifications are accessible when sliding down from the top. The on-screen navigation buttons at the bottom of the display can be customised.

Vivo has also gone a step further and enabled gesture-based navigation, à la the iPhone X. You can swipe up from the centre of the bottom to jump to the home screen, or swipe up and hold to show the app switcher. Vivo also gives you the option to hide the navigation buttons, truly mimicking the navigation style of the new iPhone. During our review period, we found that this device could execute these gestures without any hint of lag. Apart from this, Vivo has also rearranged the Settings app, and as a result, we had to spend some time looking for the settings we wanted. You can use the global search feature to find settings but a search function within the Settings app.

Other features of the Vivo V9 include Face Unlock which uses the front-facing camera positioned in the notch to unlock the phone after a successful scan. You also have the option to unlock apps using face recognition or a fingerprint. There is a gaming mode which disables heads-up previews and rejects calls automatically, except those from whitelisted contacts which are answered automatically in hands-free mode while gaming. Vivo has also thrown in a Picture in Picture mode for gaming, which lets you run messaging apps such as WhatsApp, Line, and Facebook Messenger - among others - in a floating window.

Gesture recognition lets you launch apps by drawing alphabets when the screen is off. Vivo has clubbed some of the other gesture features under a separate Settings tab called Smart Motion. Air Operation uses the proximity sensor to wake the phone up when you wave your hand over the display. If you haven’t set a screen lock, you can also wake the phone from standby using this Air Unlock method. Other gestures include double-tap to wake/ turn off the display, raise to wake, and Smart Stay to keep the display on when you are looking at it.

The Smart Call features let you answer a call by holding the phone close to your ear, or answer directly in hands-free mode by waving a hand over the phone. It also allows calls to be switched to hands-free mode when you move the phone away from your ear. Smart Low Volume automatically lowers the volume of an incoming call when the phone detects a face looking at the screen. One-handed mode shrinks the display, making it easy to use the phone with one hand. App Clone, a feature that lets you run two instances of the same app, is also available. Smart Click lets you toggle the flashlight by long-pressing the volume down button, when the screen is off. This option can be customised so you can set the button to launch any app.

This phone is packed with features but that hasn't stopped Vivo when it comes to throwing in pre-installed apps as well. The Vivo V9 comes with Flipkart, Prime Video, UC Browser, Amazon, NewsPoint, WhatsApp, Facebook, and WPS Office preinstalled. Thankfully, you can uninstall all of them to reclaim storage, if you need to.

Vivo V9 performance, cameras, and battery life

The Vivo V9 runs without any lag or stutter. The UI isn’t very heavy, and with 4GB of RAM, the phone can handle multitasking easily. We put the V9 through our tests where it managed 90,565 in Antutu while scoring 930 and 4546 in Geekbench 4’s single- and multi-core tests respectively. Graphics performance is decent and the phone managed 21fps in GFXBench T-Rex and 6.1fps in GFXBench Manhattan 3.1.

Vivo’s Face Unlock feature worked decently in well-lit conditions. However, in low light, the device would fail to recognise a face and ask for the PIN to unlock. Using the fingerprint sensor was quicker in such situations.

Not many apps are optimised for the V9’s 19:9 aspect ratio. As a result, we found that the Vivo V9 runs apps letterboxed at either 18:9 or 16:9 based on what the app supports.

The 3260mAh battery offers average battery life and we found that the phone needed to be plugged in by late evening. Our usage included WhatsApp, watching a couple of videos on YouTube, and playing PUBG Mobile as well as Space Frontier. If your usage is less demainding, then you might be able to stretch it until the end of the day. You can also enable power saving modes to help you sail through. In our HD video loop test, the Vivo V9 could only manage 8 hours and 49 minutes of continuous playback which is a lot lower than average.

The dual camera module on the Vivo V9 consists of a 16-megapixel primary sensor and a 5-megapixel depth sensor. Vivo hasn’t made significant changes to the camera app compared to its previous phones but has added AR stickers to keep up with the times. The V9 has an AI-powered beautify mode which Vivo claims can detect age, gender, texture, skin tone, and lighting conditions, and use that information to enhance the output. This functionality is also available for video calls when using WhatsApp, Facebook Messenger, and a few other apps.

The default photo includes toggles for portrait mode and live photo mode. You can switch to panorama mode or a professional mode that lets you control the exposure, ISO, shutter speed, white balance, and autofocus. Vivo has also added a shot refocus feature that lets you shift focus after taking a shot.

Photos taken with the Vivo V9 were a mixed bag. We found that the phone could deliver decent output in good light but the quality would suffer when conditions weren’t favourable. In daylight, the V9 was quick to focus and got the exposure right most of the time. However, the output was slightly grainy and landscape shots lacked detail. Macros turned out better as the phone could distinguish between the subject and the background. Low light is where the camera quality dropped. It took longer to lock focus and save images, resulting in blurry shots on a few occasions. If a scene has decent lighting, you might be able to get a clear image, but in low light, the Vivo V9 camera fails to capture details accurately.

Tap to see full-sized Vivo V9 camera samples

The Vivo V9 sports a 24-megapixel selfie camera with an AI-assisted beautify mode. It does enhance shots automatically but you also have the option to manually set the level of beautification. Selfies have good amounts of detail and are good enough to go on social media sites. Video recording on the V9 maxes out at 4K and you can also record in 1080p and 720p resolutions. However, this phone lacks OIS (Optical Image Stabilisation) and EIS (Electronic Image Stabilisation), causing footage to be shaky.



Vivo V9 in pictures

Verdict

With the V9, Vivo has managed to ship the first Android phone with a notch in India - for whatever that's worth. It has decent hardware, and the software has lots of customisations. The display helps it stand out from the rest, and those wanting to show off a phone with a notch now have this option at a price that's certainly a lot more affordable than the iPhone X.

Face recognition works most of the time but the usage experience isn't as smooth as the rest of this phone's UI. At Rs 22,990, the Vivo V9 misses out on things like a USB Type-C port which has now become common. Battery life is weak, and if you are a heavy user, you will need to find a power outlet by the evening. Camera performance is decent in daylight but suffers in low light.

If you are looking for an Android smartphone with a notch, the V9 only has the newly launched Oppo F7 as competition at the moment, but the category is expected to see a lot more launches. As for the V9, its big display, thin borders and small notch help it grab attention. However, if you aren’t interested in looks but are looking for more bang for the buck, the 6GB RAM variant of the Moto X4 might suit you better, or you can look at other top-rated phones in this price bracket.

Do Oppo F7 and Vivo V9 show what to expect from OnePlus 6? We discussed that on Orbital, our weekly technology podcast, which you can subscribe to via Apple Podcasts or RSS, download the episode, or just hit the play button below.In Today's 360 Daily -



→ Honor 10 India Launch Set for May-End - https://goo.gl/GL1yHG

→ Apple MacBook Air Refresh Reportedly Delayed - https://goo.gl/4mvQ81

→ Huawei P20 Pro, P20 Lite Early Access Sale - https://goo.gl/cF2tGG

→ EPFO Data Reportedly Stolen via Its Aadhaar Seeding Service - https://goo.gl/34Sy88

→ Westworld Renewed for Season 3 by HBO - https://goo.gl/pvH48U



For the latest in mobile reviews and everything tech, visit gadgets360.com .MobiKwik and Ola announced a partnership. This deal will enable MobiKwik users to book Ola cabs and autos across 110 cities in India from within the MobiKwik app. With this partnership, MobiKwik users will have access to Ola's multi-modal commuting offerings, from pocket-friendly options such as Ola Auto, Micro, and Mini to premium categories such as Ola Prime, Ola Prime Play, Ola Prime SUV, and Ola Lux.

It also aims to provide a more seamless experience as customers can directly book an Ola ride through their MobiKwik app and pay up through the MobiKwik wallet, without having to shuffle between apps. Further, as a part of the launch offer, MobiKwik is offering Rs. 50 SuperCash on the first five rides.Ola cabs is available only for the Android users, on the latest version of the MobiKwik app.

Alternatively, MobiKwik users can use 10 percent SuperCash to get discount upto Rs. 100 on every ride. Also, MobiKwik, will be offering a chance to earn 100 percent cashback for booking rides through their wallets between 4pm and 7pm and between 8 am and 10 am, to 1,000 users daily.

"We believe that cab booking is a promising category for digital payments. Over the past few months, we have received feedback from our customers requesting for a smart mobility enabler on our app. We have enabled a rich interface for ride bookings with Ola on our platform and are confident that this will be one of our top performing categories in the times to come. We are committed to make digital transactions simple and streamlined. Ola is a key partner in this endeavour," said Daman Soni, vice president - marketing and growth, MobiKwik.

"Strategic partnerships play a significant role in enriching customer experience. Integration of services empowers the customer, making their lives simpler and convenient. Through this partnership, MobiKwik users will be able to book a ride of their choice using a single app. We are confident that MobiKwik users will be delighted with the in-app Ola booking experience," said Saurabh Mishra, head - alliances at Ola.With the aim to expand its reach in India, Uber has started a new pilot programme that will bring traditional, kaali peeli (black and yellow) taxi drivers on board. The programme called UberTaxi is initially in a testing phase in Mumbai, precisely in South Mumbai. The latest development emerges days after the launch of the second phase of the 'Movement', which is a free tool that uses Uber's anonymised trip data to help urban planners reduce traffic and congestion in their areas. The San Francisco, California-based company says it is also working closely with the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways to push road safety awareness in the country.

"We are excited to expand transportation choices for our riders with the launch of a pilot view named Taxi in Mumbai and hope to scale this service further in the coming time," an Uber spokesperson said in a statement emailed to Gadgets 360.

Uber says the move will also help digitise services offered by local taxi drivers. "At Uber, we continuously evaluate product needs to ensure that we are able to provide the most efficient, affordable and convenient ride for everyone, everywhere. Mumbai's Kaali Peelis are a critical component to solving the city's mobility needs. Ridesharing technologies like Uber can help bring thousands of Kaali Peeli drivers into the digital fold and improve their service delivery/ efficiency and augment their earnings potential," the spokesperson said.

An UberTaxi ride is designed to be cheaper than a UberGo ride. It also enables a cashless model for booking local taxis. However, unlike offering an AC cab, it brings a non-AC option for riders looking for a cheaper solution. Notably, Uber rival Ola already has a similar service in Mumbai, calling the ride type as Taxi. It offers choice of AC and non-AC taxis, with different rates for each.

India isn't the first country where Uber is bringing the UberTaxi model. Notably, the company launched a similar model in London back in June 2014 to provide riders another option to commute in the city and to offer standard taxi drivers another choice to earn their livelihood. The India model appears interesting, though - considering the criticism raised by local taxi drivers against Uber in the past.

In August 2017, Uber reached the milestone of 500 million trips in India. The company is taking on domestic ride-hailing giant Ola, which operates in over 110 Indian cities and has over a million driver partners.In Today's 360 Daily -



→ WhatsApp Co-Founder Leaves Facebook - https://goo.gl/1JK7E5

→ Vodafone Rs. 511, Rs. 569 Packs Launched - https://goo.gl/MmegHD

→ Samsung Galaxy A6, Galaxy A6+ Go Official - https://goo.gl/poAGJU

→ Coolpad Note 6 Launched in India - https://goo.gl/MmegHD

→ Oppo's 'Realme' Brand Launching First Phone in India - https://goo.gl/kMuWE6



For the latest in mobile reviews and everything tech, visit gadgets360.com .After disrupting the mobile network market, Reliance Jio is expected to launch its Jio Fiber fixed line broadband services soon. Reportedly in testing with since September 2016, and officially since last May with limited users in select cities, the company has been offering preview plans with free data to its fibre-to-the-home (FTTH) users. Now, a report claims the "initial plan" being offered to users now provides up to 1.1TB of data to users. Jio Fiber FTTH broadband services are currently in testing select markets including Ahmedabad, Chennai, Jamnagar, Mumbai, and New Delhi among others, with a commercial launch set for later this year. Reliance Industries Chairman Mukesh Ambani had in July last year said the Jio Fiber launch was "well on track".

According to a report by The Hindu, citing a person familiar with the development, the new initial plan being offered by Jio Fiber includes 100GB of free data per month at 100Mbps speed. Once this FUP is exhausted, customers can reportedly avail 40GB of free data in the form of top-ups, 25 times in a month - effectively obtaining 1,100GB or roughly 1.1TB of free data. It unclear if the remaining 1TB of data will be made available at the same 100Mbps speed. Reliance Jio is said to be in plans to publicly launch Jio Fiber services for both households and enterprise customers, eyeing 100 million television households across 30 cities. Previous preview plans were spotted as being made available for the first three months of usage, offering 100GB of free data per month at 100Mbps. Exceeding the 100GB FUP meant a drop to broadband speed of 1Mbps.

A Jio Fiber connection is said to be available in the initial markets at an interest-free security deposit of Rs. 4,500 that is refundable in nature. By paying the security deposit, Head of Strategy and Planning at Reliance Jio Anshuman Thakur told the newspaper that the company will install a Jio router, which can also be used as a set-top box to enable TV channels via IPTV services that are yet to be rolled out. Furthermore, the telco is already reported to have more than three lakh kilometres of optic fibre network across the country. This could help a faster rollout of the public release of Jio Fiber.

We've reached out to Reliance Jio for clarity on the availability of Jio Fiber and will update this space accordingly.

As per its latest quarterly results, the subscriber base of Reliance Jio reached 186.6 million in the first quarter of 2018, up from the 160.1 million subscriber base it had reported in the previous quarter. The company also added as many as 26.5 million new users in the first quarter.An Atlas 5 rocket soared into space early on Saturday from Vandenberg Air Force Base in California, carrying NASA's first robotic lander designed for exploring the deep interior of another planet on its voyage to Mars.

The Mars InSight probe lifted off from the central California coast at 4:05am PDT (3:35pm IST), treating early-rising residents across a wide swath of the state to the luminous pre-dawn spectacle of the first US interplanetary spacecraft to be launched over the Pacific.

The lander will be carried aloft for NASA and its Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) atop a two-stage, 19-story Atlas 5 rocket from the fleet of United Launch Alliance, a partnership of Lockheed Martin Corp and Boeing.

The payload will be released about 90 minutes after launch on a 301 million mile (484 million km) flight to Mars. It is due to reach its destination in six months, landing on a broad, smooth plain close to the planet's equator called the Elysium Planitia.

That will put InSight roughly 373 miles (600km) from the 2012 landing site of the car-sized Mars rover Curiosity.

The new 800-pound (360kg) spacecraft marks the 21st US-launched Martian exploration, dating to the Mariner fly-by missions of the 1960s. Nearly two dozen other Mars missions have been launched by other nations.

Once settled, the solar-powered InSight will spend two years - about one Martian year - plumbing the depths of the planet's interior for clues to how Mars took form and, by extension, the origins of the Earth and other rocky planets.

InSight's primary instrument is a French-built seismometer, designed to detect the slightest vibrations from "marsquakes" around the planet. The device, to be placed on the surface by the lander's robot arm, is so sensitive it can measure a seismic wave just one-half the radius of a hydrogen atom.

Scientists expect to see a dozen to 100 marsquakes over the course of the mission, producing data to help them deduce the depth, density and composition of the planet's core, the rocky mantle surrounding it and the outermost layer, the crust.

The Viking probes of the mid-1970s were equipped with seismometers, too, but they were bolted to the top of the landers, a design that proved largely ineffective.

Apollo missions to the moon brought seismometers to the lunar surface as well, detecting thousands of moonquakes and meteorite impacts. But InSight is expected to yield the first meaningful data on planetary seismic tremors beyond Earth.

InSight also will be fitted with a German-made drill to burrow as much as 16 feet (5 meters) underground, pulling behind it a rope-like thermal probe to measure heat flowing from inside the planet.

Meanwhile, a special transmitter on the lander will send radio signals back to Earth, tracking Mars' subtle rotational wobble to reveal the size of the planet's core and possibly whether it remains molten.

Hitching a ride aboard the same rocket that launches InSight will be a pair of miniature satellites called CubeSats, which will fly to Mars on their own paths behind the lander in a first deep-space test of that technology.

© Thomson Reuters 2018LG K30 has been officially launched in the US. The handset, which looks similar to the LG X4+ that debuted in South Korea in January, is now available from T-Mobile in the country. It comes with a contract-free price of $225 (approximately Rs. 15,000) or at $9 (around Rs. 600) per month with a 24-month contract. The smartphone was initially spotted on the T-Mobile site earlier this week. It is unclear whether LG will launch the K30 in global markets. However, the company has a bunch of its K-Series models in several markets, including India.

LG K30 specifications

The LG K30 runs Android 7.1 Nougat with LG UX 6.0+ skin on top and features a 5.3-inch HD (720x1280 pixels) IPS display. Under the hood, the handset has a quad-core Snapdragon 425 SoC, coupled with 2GB of LPDDR3 RAM. The smartphone has a 13-megapixel camera sensor on the back that comes along with a PDAF lens and an LED flash. The rear camera supports 1080p video recording. On the front, there is a 5-megapixel selfie camera.

LG has provided 32GB of onboard storage on the K30 that is expandable via a microSD card (up to 2TB). In terms of connectivity, the LG K30 has 4G VoLTE, Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Bluetooth v4.2, and GPS/ A-GPS. The smartphone has a rear-facing fingerprint sensor. Besides, it packs a 2880mAh battery, which supports a fast charging technology, and measures 148.6x74.9x8.6mm.

Specifications-wise, the LG K30 appears as a rebranded version of the LG K10 (2018) that was launched in February. The LG K10, however, runs Android Marshmallow, while the latest K-Series model comes with Android Nougat.After disrupting the mobile network market, Reliance Jio is expected to launch its Jio Fiber fixed line broadband services soon. Reportedly in testing with since September 2016, and officially since last May with limited users in select cities, the company has been offering preview plans with free data to its fibre-to-the-home (FTTH) users. Now, a report claims the "initial plan" being offered to users now provides up to 1.1TB of data to users. Jio Fiber FTTH broadband services are currently in testing select markets including Ahmedabad, Chennai, Jamnagar, Mumbai, and New Delhi among others, with a commercial launch set for later this year. Reliance Industries Chairman Mukesh Ambani had in July last year said the Jio Fiber launch was "well on track".

According to a report by The Hindu, citing a person familiar with the development, the new initial plan being offered by Jio Fiber includes 100GB of free data per month at 100Mbps speed. Once this FUP is exhausted, customers can reportedly avail 40GB of free data in the form of top-ups, 25 times in a month - effectively obtaining 1,100GB or roughly 1.1TB of free data. It unclear if the remaining 1TB of data will be made available at the same 100Mbps speed. Reliance Jio is said to be in plans to publicly launch Jio Fiber services for both households and enterprise customers, eyeing 100 million television households across 30 cities. Previous preview plans were spotted as being made available for the first three months of usage, offering 100GB of free data per month at 100Mbps. Exceeding the 100GB FUP meant a drop to broadband speed of 1Mbps.

A Jio Fiber connection is said to be available in the initial markets at an interest-free security deposit of Rs. 4,500 that is refundable in nature. By paying the security deposit, Head of Strategy and Planning at Reliance Jio Anshuman Thakur told the newspaper that the company will install a Jio router, which can also be used as a set-top box to enable TV channels via IPTV services that are yet to be rolled out. Furthermore, the telco is already reported to have more than three lakh kilometres of optic fibre network across the country. This could help a faster rollout of the public release of Jio Fiber.

We've reached out to Reliance Jio for clarity on the availability of Jio Fiber and will update this space accordingly.

As per its latest quarterly results, the subscriber base of Reliance Jio reached 186.6 million in the first quarter of 2018, up from the 160.1 million subscriber base it had reported in the previous quarter. The company also added as many as 26.5 million new users in the first quarter.Microsoft on Monday began rolling out the Windows 10 April 2018 Update (version 1803) to eligible Windows 10 PCs and tablets. Users can expect the update to be made available across the globe over the course of the next few weeks. This essentially means that the feature update will not be available on all PCs immediately, but can be downloaded manually. The Redmond giant had announced the starting date of the Windows 10 April 2018 Update rollout on Friday. There are several new features that the April 2018 Update brings to Windows 10, from the much-anticipated Timeline feature, to the Focus Assist distraction-free mode, new Microsoft Edge features, improved Dictation capabilities, as well as new Cortana skills.

Right now, the new version is available for users who want to get it manually, and then on May 8, the company will start rolling out through Windows Update. Notably, some of the devices may take months before they get it the update automatically. Here is how to download and install the update.

Windows 10 April 2018 Update with Windows Update : To download and install version 1803 using Windows Update, go to Settings > Update and security > Check for updates. Once the update is downloaded, restart the PC.

Windows 10 April 2018 Update with Update Assistant : To install the latest version of Windows 10 manually using Update Assistant, download the Update Assistant from the Microsoft support website. Now, double-click the Windows10Upgrade.exe file to launch the tool. Click the Update Now button. If your PC is compatible, click the Next button to begin the upgrade. Further, restart the device. Once the Update Assistant tool is done downloading the necessary files to upgrade your device, the user will have to follow the on-screen directions to finish the out-of-box-experience (OOBE).

Windows 10 April 2018 Update with Media Creation Tool : You can perform an in-place upgrade or clean installation of Windows 10 with the new feature update manually using the Media Creation Tool. After version 1803 becomes available through this tool, download the Media Creation Tool from the Microsoft support website. Now, double-click the MediaCreationTool.exe file. Then, click the Accept button to agree to the terms and select the Upgrade this PC now option. Further, click on Accept > Next > Keep personal files and apps > Install. Notably, you can also use the Media Creation Tool to create a bootable media to go through the upgrade or clean install of Windows 10.

Read on for a more comprehensive list of changes that the Windows 10 April 2018 Update brings.

Timeline

Timeline lets users go back up to 30 days to find documents, photos, videos or other content. Part of the Task View interface, it can be accessed by using Windows + Tab, the Task View icon on the taskbar, or by swiping up four fingers on supported touchpads. Users can also sync activities from a variety of supported devices, letting you easily migrate your work between devices, while activity icons will show documents and webpages you opened in supported apps. You can turn of Activity History for local and connected PCs from Settings > Privacy > Activity History.

Focus Assist

Focus Assist is a new distraction-free mode for Windows 10. Arriving with the April 2018 Update, it lets users block distractions like social media and other notifications. Users can turn it on manually, or set it to turn on at fixed times during the day. Once Focus Assist is turned off, users will receive a summary of what all they missed, from notifications to emails to other updates.

Users will also be able to choose particular contacts whose calls and emails they want to still receive, despite Focus Assist being turned on, giving them Priority status. The Focus Assist feature was formerly called Quiet Hours, and to access all its settings, you need to visit: Settings > System > Focus Assist.

Microsoft Edge

The Redmond giant is bringing several changes to its browser, Microsoft Edge. Users can now click the audio icon to mute and unmute a tab that is playing sound. Users can also make books, PDFs, and Reading View as full-screen. There is also the option to securely autofill on web payment forms. address, payment and other information can be securely saved with the option to autofill on web payment forms. You can now clear out clutter from your printouts by printing web pages in a cleaner format with the new clutter-free printing option. Finally, anyone needing a little help with reading can use the new Grammar Tools button to enable comprehension aids. Grammar Tools can break the words on the page into syllables, as well as highlight different parts of speech such as nouns, verbs, and adjectives.

New Cortana Skills for Smart Home

Cortana now connects to more home automation services, making it possible to control the devices using voice commands from a PC. With the April 2018 Update and Cortana enabled on Windows 10 PC, users can now manage their smart homes right from PCs using just their voice. For instance, you can tap Cortana on your PC and say "Hey Cortana, set the living room thermostat to 72 degrees" to control your ecobee, Honeywell, Nest Learning thermostat, and more.

Dictation

Windows already has several dictation tools, but Microsoft is now creating a quick way to access the inbuilt- Windows 10 version with the April 2018 Update. You can access it with the Windows key + H keyboard shortcut, and it will let you dictate into any app. It is now easier to take a note or write a paper, with just your voice.

IT Management Tools

The April 2018 Update brings simplified IT management tools for enterprise customers. The company has announced some new capabilities and updates coming to Microsoft 365, including a modern desktop powered by Windows 10 and Office 365 ProPlus, solutions for Firstline workers, streamlined device management with lower costs, integrated administration experience, and built-in compliance. To begin to simplify your IT management, Microsoft says, you can plan for Windows 7 and Office 2010 EOL (January and October 2020, respectively) and upgrade to a modern desktop, enroll in Windows Analytics, activate Upgrade Readiness, onboard your devices, and upgrade to the latest version of Windows, plan and execute your first Windows AutoPilot deployment, get familiar with the new Microsoft 365 admin center experience, and start using the Security & Compliance Center and the Compliance Manager to track regulatory compliance and controls.On this episode we discuss the Huawei P20 Pro (Review), which has cameras good enough to take on the iPhone X and the Google Pixel 2. Reviewer Aditya Shenoy and games editor Rishi Alwani join host Pranay Parab to talk about this smartphone. The Huawei P20 Pro's highlight feature is the camera, so we begin the episode by talking about it. We mention what each of its three rear cameras do and whether it makes sense to add the third camera. Then we discuss the results of having a three-camera system and some of the other compromises Huawei has had to make to get the camera right. We talk about the photos that the smartphone takes and whether it makes sense to get this phone over the Pixel 2 or the iPhone X. Then we highlight some of the weaknesses of the P20 Pro's camera and what you should consider before you decide to shell out that much money.

The discussion then moves to the competition and whether the Huawei P20 Pro can hold its own in a market with some stellar flagship devices. We talk about stock Android and how it compares against Huawei's EMUI. We also mention several hardware design choices that Huawei has made with the P20 Pro and talk about how that affects the overall experience. Finally, we speak about Huawei's branding issues with the P20 series and whether the company could have considered a different naming scheme.​ We compare that with the branding situation of the Asus ZenFone Max Pro M1, which could be a Redmi Note 5 Pro killer.

That's all for this week's episode of Orbital, which you can subscribe to via Apple Podcasts or RSS, download the episode, or just hit the play button below.ZenFone Max Pro M1 will to be available for purchase in India again on May 10, the company has announced in a statement. The ZenFone Max Pro M1 smartphone, which was launched last week, went out of stock shortly after its pre-orders kicked off on Thursday exclusively via Flipkart. Asus hasn't provided any details about the number of units it sold through the first pre-orders round; however, it does say in a press statement that the smartphone has received a "tremendous response" from Indian customers. The new ZenFone Max Pro M1 model is designed to take on the Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro that is also one of the widely popular smartphones in the under Rs. 15,000 price bracket. It offers a stock Android experience and has features such as a thin-bezel display and a dual rear camera setup to persuade customers.

Asus ZenFone Max Pro M1 price in India

The Asus ZenFone Max Pro M1 price in India has been set at Rs. 10,999 for the 3GB RAM and 32GB internal storage variant. The 4GB RAM and 64GB storage variant, on the other hand, comes at Rs. 12,999. Asus also announced a 6GB RAM and 64GB storage variant of the ZenFone Max Pro M1 with a price tag of Rs. 14,999. However, the release date for this last variant hasn't been revealed.

Asus is offering the ZenFone Max Pro M1 in Midnight Black and Grey colour options. Furthermore, Vodafone prepaid subscribers buying the new ZenFone handset will get 10GB of complementary data per month for 12 months on recharges of Rs. 199 and above, while Vodafone postpaid subscribers on Rs. 399 Red plan will get 10GB of additional data a month for a year. Subscribers on Rs. 499 Vodafone Red plan will get additional free Red Protect access free.

Asus Zenfone Max Pro M1 Review

Asus ZenFone Max Pro M1 specifications

The dual-SIM (Nano) Asus ZenFone Max Pro M1 runs a pure version of Android 8.1 Oreo and features a 5.99-inch full-HD+ (1080x2160 pixels) IPS FullView display with an 18:9 aspect ratio. Under the hood, there is an octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 636 SoC,coupled with Adreno 509 GPU and up to 6GB of RAM. The dual rear camera setup on the ZenFone Max Pro M1 sports a 13-megapixel primary Omnivision sensor with an f/2.2 aperture and a 5-megapixel secondary sensor. On the front, there is an 8-megapixel sensor with an f/2.0 aperture, 85.5-degree wide-angle view, five-piece lens.

The ZenFone Max Pro M1 has 4G VoLTE, Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n, Bluetooth v4.2, GPS/ A-GPS, Micro-USB, and a 3.5mm headphone jack. Sensors on board include an ambient light sensor, accelerometer, proximity sensor, and a rear-facing fingerprint sensor. The smartphone packs a 5000mAh battery and weighs 180 grams.

We discussed whether Asus Zenfone Max Pro M1 is a Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro killer on Orbital, our weekly technology podcast, which you can subscribe to via Apple Podcasts or RSS, download the episode, or just hit the play button below.Since its arrival at the start of 2016, Netflix has built up a sizeable kitty of content across borders and genres in India. But the streaming service doesn't always do a great job of surfacing the best of what it has to offer, instead personalising what you see around what you've already seen on Netflix. That means you'll never see some great movies unless you go looking for them. To make things easier for you, we used aggregate ratings on Rotten Tomatoes and IMDb to draw up a shortlist, and then picked our top 100.

Here are our top 100 movies on Netflix that are available in India, sorted alphabetically. This list will be updated once every month if there are any worthy additions or if some movies are removed from the service, so bookmark this page and keep checking in.

12 Years A Slave (2013)

Duped into slavery on the account of a job, Steve McQueen's adaptation of a free New York black man's (Chiwetel Ejiofor) 19th-century memoir is an incredible true story, and an important watch.

2001: A Space Odyssey (1968)

In Stanley Kubrick's highly-influential sci-fi film, humanity charts a course for Jupiter with the sentient computer HAL 9000, to understand the discovery of a black monolith affecting human evolution. It's less plot, and more a visual and aural experience.

A Beautiful Mind (2001)

The life of John Nash, a brilliant but asocial mathematician, from his spiral into paranoid schizophrenia and working on a secret project he made up, to regaining control over his life and becoming a Nobel Laureate.

A Clockwork Orange (1971)

Set in a near-future dystopian Britain, writer-director Stanley Kubrick adapts Anthony Burgess' novel of the same name, commenting on juvenile delinquency through the eyes of a small gang leader who enjoys "a bit of the old ultra-violence".

Aladdin (1992)

Disney puts its animation flavour onto the famous folk tale of a street urchin who disguises himself as a wealthy prince after finding a genie in a magic lamp, in an attempt to impress the Sultan's daughter.

American Beauty (1999)

A depressed advertising executive (Kevin Spacey) in the midst of a midlife crisis falls for his teenage daughter's best friend, in Sam Mendes' satire of American middle-class that ultimately won five Oscars including Best Picture.

American Graffiti (1973)

Before Star Wars, George Lucas made this influential high school comedy about life in the early 60s, filled with the era's most memorable rock 'n' roll hits, and starring Harrison Ford, Ron Howard, and Richard Dreyfuss.

Animal House (1978)

In this landmark comedy from John Landis, a misfit group of fraternity members challenge the dean's authority to keep their charter, filled with manic energy, and launching the gross out genre.

Apollo 13 (1995)

Ron Howard dramatises the aborted Apollo 13 mission that put the astronauts in jeopardy after an on-board explosion ate up all the oxygen and forced NASA to abort and get the men home safely.

Argo (2012)

Ben Affleck directs and stars in this film about a CIA agent posing as a Hollywood producer scouting for location in Iran, in order to rescue six Americans during the US hostage crisis of 1979.

Beasts of No Nation (2015)

With civil war raging across a fictional African nation, this Netflix Original focuses on a young boy who's trained as a child soldier by a fierce warlord (Idris Elba), and the effects it has on him.

Big Hero 6 (2014)

A plus-sized inflatable robot becomes friends with a robotics prodigy, who team up with a group of friends in this Disney animated adventure loosely based on the Marvel comics, forming a high-tech hero team.

Black Friday (2004)

So controversial that it had wait three years to see the light of day, Anurag Kashyap's gripping docudrama looks at the aftermath of the 1993 Bombay bombings, through the eyes of police, conspirators, victims and middlemen.

Breakfast at Tiffany's (1961)

Audrey Hepburn lights up the screen as a young, broke socialite who takes a fancy to a young, struggling writer after he moves into her apartment building, as she tries to keep her ugly past buried.

Captain America: The Winter Soldier (2014)

Living a quiet life in the US capital and now working for the government, Captain America (Chris Evans) makes a series of troubling discoveries and comes up against a formidable foe with a familiar face. Watch The Avengers before hitting play on this one.

Catch Me If You Can (2002)

Based on a real-life story, a young con man (Leonardo DiCaprio) forges cheques worth millions of dollars, and escapes the clutches of a seasoned FBI agent (Tom Hanks) for years.

Court (2014)

Winner of the top prize at the National Film Awards, this legal drama made with non-professional actors delivers a scathing critique of the judicial nightmare in India through the lens of an ageing singer accused of abetting a manhole worker's suicide through his songs.

Dangal (2016)

The extraordinary true story of amateur wrestler Mahavir Singh Phogat (Aamir Khan) who trains his two daughters to become India's first world-class female wrestlers, who went on to win gold medals at the Commonwealth Games.

Das Boot (1981)

One of the most authentic war movies ever made chronicles the life of a German submarine crew during World War II, as they go through long stretches of boredom and periods of intense conflict, while trying to maintain morale in a capsule 10 feet by 150 feet hundreds of metres under the surface.

District 9 (2009)

Inspired by the Apartheid, Neill Blomkamp's feature debut explores the life of extra-terrestrial beings forced to live in slum-like conditions outside Johannesburg, through the eyes of a government agent responsible for their relocation.

Django Unchained (2012)

Written and directed by Quentin Tarantino, a German bounty hunter (Christoph Waltz) helps a freed slave (Jamie Foxx) rescue his wife from a charming but cruel plantation owner (Leonardo DiCaprio).

Dr. Strangelove or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb (1964)

Possibly the greatest anti-war film, Stanley Kubrick delivers a masterful satire of the Cold War fears of nuclear conflict, through the eyes of an unhinged American general who orders a strike against Russia without informing his superiors, and how the country's top politicians try to stop it.

Drive (2011)

A stuntman moonlighting as a getaway driver (Ryan Gosling) grows fond of his neighbour and her young son, and then takes part in a botched heist to protect them from the debt-ridden husband.

Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind (2004)

An estranged couple (Jim Carrey and Kate Winslet) begin a new relationship unaware they dated previously, having erased each other from their memories, in what stands as writer Charlie Kaufman's defining work.

Forrest Gump (1994)

A slow-witted but kind-hearted man (Tom Hanks) takes part in a series of defining events of the second half of the 20th century in the US, while pining for his childhood love.

Frozen (2013)

With help from an iceman, his reindeer, and a talking snowman, a fearless princess (Kristen Bell) sets out to find her queen sister (Idina Menzel) who has mistakenly frozen the entire kingdom. It's the highest-grossing animated film of all-time.

Full Metal Jacket (1987)

Stanley Kubrick follows a US marine nicknamed Joker from his days as a new recruit under the command of a ruthless sergeant, to his posting as a war correspondent in South Vietnam, while observing the effects of the war on his fellow soldiers.

Ghostbusters (1984)

A bunch of eccentric paranormal enthusiasts start a ghost-catching business in New York, and then stumble upon a plot to wreak havoc by summoning ghosts, giving birth to one of the most iconic song lyrics in history.

Gravity (2013)

Two US astronauts, a first-timer (Sandra Bullock) and another on his final mission (George Clooney), are stranded in space after their shuttle is destroyed, and then must battle debris and challenging conditions to return home.

Groundhog Day (1993)

A TV weatherman (Bill Murray) on a routine Groundhog Day assignment finds himself caught in a time loop, living the same day over and over, and must figure out how to get himself out of the predicament.

Guardians of the Galaxy (2014)

A bunch of intergalactic misfits, which includes a talking racoon and tree, come together to form a ragtag team in this Marvel adventure that needs no prior knowledge.

Hell or High Water (2016)

A divorced father (Chris Pine) teams up with his ex-con brother to carry out an elaborate bank-robbing scheme to safeguard a family ranch and his children's future, while being chased by the police (Jeff Bridges).

Her (2013)

A lonely man (Joaquin Phoenix) falls in love with an intelligent computer operating system (Scarlett Johansson), who enriches his life and learns from him, in Spike Jonze's masterpiece.

Hot Fuzz (2007)

An over-achieving London police officer (Simon Pegg) is transferred to an idyllic village, and slowly stumbles upon a local conspiracy that's helping keep up its crime-free image. Edgar Wright co-wrote with Pegg, and directed.

How to Train Your Dragon (2010)

Brought up in a world where Vikings have a tradition of being dragon slayers, a young teenager becomes an unlikely friend with a young dragon, and learns there may be more to the creatures than everyone thinks.

I, Daniel Blake (2016)

After a heart attack that leaves him unable to work, a widowed carpenter is forced to fight an obtuse British welfare system, while developing a strong bond with a single mother who has two children. Winner of the Palme d'Or.

Inception (2010)

From the mind of Christopher Nolan, Leonardo DiCaprio stars as a thief who has the power to enter other's dreams and steal their ideas, and is then given the mission of his life if he wants to be reunited with his family.

Inside Out (2015)

Set for the most part inside a young girl's head, her five core emotions now personified – Fear, Anger, Joy, Disgust, and Sadness – struggle to help her cope with her new life after moving to a big city, in this Oscar-winning animation from Pixar.

Juno (2007)

When a sixteen-year-old social misfit (Ellen Page) ends up with an unplanned pregnancy in this sharp-edged coming-of-age comedy, she must decide what she wants.

Kung Fu Panda (2008)

After an obese kung fu enthusiast panda is supposedly mistakenly chosen as the Dragon Warrior to fight an impending threat, he is unwillingly taught by an elderly master and his students who have been training for years.

Lagaan (2001)

Set in Victorian India, a village farmer (Aamir Khan) stakes everyone's future on a game of cricket with the well-equipped British, in exchange for a tax reprieve for three years.

Lawrence of Arabia (1962)

In what is generally considered one of the greatest films, an English officer (Peter O'Toole) successfully unites and leads the diverse warring Arab tribes against the Turks during World War I.

Mad Max: Fury Road (2015)

Tom Hardy and Charlize Theron star in director George Miller's reboot of his own franchise, which finds a woman (Theron) rebelling against a tyrannical ruler of postapocalyptic desert, and giving us some of the best action sequences in the process.

Masaan (2015)

Neeraj Ghaywan ventures into the heartland of India to explore the life of four people in his directorial debut, all of whom must battle issues of caste, culture and norms. Winner of a National Award and the FIPRESCI Prize at Cannes.

Moneyball (2011)

Based on the true story of Oakland Athletics and manager Billy Beane (Brad Pitt), it follows the latter's attempts to build a competitive team by relying solely on statistical analysis, with help from a Yale graduate (Jonah Hill).

Monsters, Inc. (2001)

Two monsters get the fright of their lives after a human child wanders into their world, and must figure out how to get her back without telling anyone, so as to keep their jobs.

Monty Python and the Holy Grail (1975)

The legendary British comedy troupe mix their talents with the tale of King Arthur and his knights, as they look for the Holy Grail and encounter a series of horrors. A contender for the best comedy of all-time.

Monty Python's Life of Brian (1979)

Satire so cutting that it was banned for years in the UK and elsewhere, Life of Brian saw Monty Python turning their eyes on more long-form storytelling. The Life of Brian is the story of a young Jewish man born on the same day and next door to Jesus Christ, who gets mistaken for the messiah.

Moonrise Kingdom (2012)

Wes Anderson brings his signature touch to a coming-of-age tale of two young lovers (they're 12) who run away from their homes, prompting the entire town to look for them.

Mudbound (2017)

A Netflix Original, this World War II drama is set in rural Mississippi, and follows two veterans – one white and one black – who return home, and must deal with problems of racism in addition to PTSD.

Mughal-e-Azam (1960)

A 16th-century Mughal prince clashes with his father, Emperor Akbar, after he falls in love with a court dancer in this epic drama, which stands as a milestone in Indian cinema and is called by some as the best Hindi film ever made.

Nebraska (2013)

Intentionally shot in black-and-white, Alexander Payne's road comedy sees an estranged son reluctantly agree to drive his elderly alcoholic father so he can claim a million-dollar sweepstakes prize, and gets to know him on their journey.

No Country for Old Men (2007)

In this Coen brothers' neo-Western that's often called their best work, Javier Bardem and Josh Brolin engage in a cat and mouse thriller across eighties Texas, for two million dollars that cause a lot of bloodshed.

Okja (2017)

Part environment parable and part skewer of corporatisation, this underappreciated Netflix Original by Bong Joon-ho tells its story of a young Korean girl and her best friend – a giant pet pig – while effortlessly crossing genres.

Oldboy (2003)

In Park Chan-wook's bloody action film, a businessman imprisoned for 15 years in a hotel room finally escapes and begins his quest for vengeance, while finding himself trapped in a complex web of his former captor's making and falling for a young female sushi chef.

Piku (2015)

On a road trip from Delhi to Kolkata, a strong-willed daughter (Deepika Padukone) and her ageing, hypochondriac father (Amitabh Bachchan) endure an emotional roller coaster in this offbeat comedy from Shoojit Sircar.

Prisoners (2013)

After his daughter and her friend are kidnapped, a father (Hugh Jackman) takes matters into his own hands while the police methodically track down multiple leads, getting himself into trouble.

Reservoir Dogs (1992)

After a simply jewellery heist goes wrong in Quentin Tarantino's feature-length debut, six criminals – Tim Roth, Steve Buscemi, and Michael Madsen are a few of the actors – who don't know each other's identity start to suspect each other of being a police informant.

Saving Private Ryan (1998)

In Steven Spielberg's World War II drama, while war rages on in Normandy, an army captain (Tom Hanks) is given the task of searching for a particular private (Matt Damon), whose three brothers have already been killed.

Scarface (1983)

Al Pacino delivers one of his best performances as a Cuban refugee who arrives in 1980s Miami with nothing, rises the ranks to become a powerful drug kingpin, and then falls due to his ego, his paranoia, and a growing list of enemies.

Scent of A Woman (1992)

A prep school student in need of money agrees to "babysit" an irritable and blind retired Army vet (Al Pacino), but the job turns out to be nothing like he imagined.

Schindler's List (1993)

After witnessing the persecution of his Jewish employees in German-occupied Poland during World War II, a German industrialist and member of the Nazi party (Liam Neeson) saves them from being sent to concentration camps by spending everything he has in Steven Spielberg's adaptation of an Australian novel.

Se7en (1995)

In this dark, gripping thriller from David Fincher, two detectives – one new (Brad Pitt) and one about to retire (Morgan Freeman) – hunt a serial killer (Kevin Spacey) who uses the seven deadly sins as his motives.

Sense and Sensibility (1995)

Jane Austen's famous work is brought to life by director Ang Lee, about three sisters who are forced to seek financial security through marriage after the death of their wealthy father leaves them poor by the rules of inheritance.

Shrek (2001)

A half-parody of fairy tales, Shrek is about an eponymous ogre who agrees to help an evil lord get a queen in exchange for the deed to his swamp, filled with enough jokes for the adults and a simple plot children.

Silver Linings Playbook (2012)

Two people (Jennifer Lawrence and Bradley Cooper) with pain and suffering in their past begin a road to recovery while training together for a dance competition, in what becomes an unlikely love story.

Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs (1937)

Forced into exile by her evil stepmother, a princess is rescued by seven dwarf miners in one of Disney's most popular and oldest animated films.

Star Wars: The Force Awakens (2015)

Derivative yet fun, J.J. Abrams kicked off the new Star Wars trilogy with new characters more diverse than before while keeping the old guard around, as they join hands to stop the rise of a new world order.

Straight Outta Compton (2015)

The rise and fall of gangsta rap outfit N.W.A., from the streets of a small California town to revolutionising the hip hop culture with their words, that crosses boundaries and stands as a terrific underdog story.

Swades (2004)

Shah Rukh Khan stars a successful NASA scientist in this based on a true story drama, who returns home to India to take his nanny to the US, rediscovers his roots and connects with the local village community in the process.

Taare Zameen Par (2007)

Sent to boarding school against his will, a dyslexic eight-year-old is helped by an unconventional art teacher (Aamir Khan) to overcome his disability and discover his true potential.

Tangled (2010)

Locked up by her overly protective mother, a young long-haired girl finally gets her wish to escape into the world outside thanks to a good-hearted thief, and discovers her true self.

Taxi Driver (1976)

A mentally unstable Vietnam War vet (Robert de Niro) takes a job as a taxi driver, and turns to violent action after seeing the sleaze, dysfunction and prostitution in New York. Martin Scorsese directs.

The Aviator (2004)

With Leonardo DiCaprio as Howard Hughes and Cate Blanchett as Katharine Hepburn, Martin Scorsese dives into the life of the aviation pioneer and film producer, who grapples with severe OCD while his fame grows.

The Bourne Ultimatum (2007)

Matt Damon reprises his role as amnesiac CIA assassin Jason Bourne in this third and best entry of the series, as he sets out to track down the man who trained him while learning more about the life he doesn't remember.

The Dark Knight (2008)

In the second part of Christopher Nolan's Dark Knight trilogy, regarded as the greatest comic book movie ever, Batman (Christian Bale) faces a villain, the Joker (Heath Ledger), he doesn't understand, and must go through hell to save Gotham and its people.

The Godfather (1972)

In what is considered one of the greatest films of all-time, an aging leader (Marlon Brando) of a New York mafia transfers control of his empire to his youngest son (Al Pacino), who goes from a reluctant outsider to a ruthless boss.

The Hunger Games: Catching Fire (2013)

In the best of four movies, Jennifer Lawrence's Katniss Everdeen is forced to participate in a special edition of the Hunger Games, a competition where individuals fight to the death, featuring the winners of all previous competitions.

The Jungle Book (2016)

Rudyard Kipling's classic tale of a human boy brought up in the jungle is given a terrific CGI rendition by Disney, with a voice cast involving Idris Elba, Bill Murray, Ben Kingsley, Lupita Nyong'o, and Scarlett Johansson.

The Last of the Mohicans (1992)

Set amidst the mid-18th-century Indo-French War, Michael Mann readapts the 1826 novel of the same name while relying more on the 1936 adaptation, about an adopted son (Daniel-Day Lewis) of a Mohican scout who falls for a British officer's daughter.

The Lion King (1994)

Tricked into thinking he caused his father's death, a lion cub runs away from home and grows up with a pair of carefree wastrels, only to be reminded of his rightful place later in life and why he must return.

The Little Mermaid (1989)

Hans Christian Andersen's 19th-century tale about a young mermaid Ariel who makes a bargain with the sea witch Ursula and gives up her life in the sea to meet a human prince got the Disney animation treatment, which signalled the studio's return.

The Lord of the Rings trilogy (2001-2003)

Peter Jackson brought J.R.R. Tolkien's expansive Middle-Earth to life in these three three-hour epics, which charts the journey of a meek hobbit (Elijah Wood) and his various companions, as they try to stop the Dark Lord Sauron by destroying the source of his power, the One Ring.

The Matrix (1999)

A computer hacker (Keanu Reeves) starts to question the nature of his reality in the Wachowskis' seminal work, and with help from a group of rebels, he begins the fight against the machines that now rule the world.

The Nightmare Before Christmas (1993)

In this stop-motion musical conceived by Tim Burton, a resident from Halloween Town stumbles into Christmas Town, becomes enchanted and abducts Santa Claus to bring him home that causes problems for everyone.

The Perks of Being A Wallflower (2012)

Emma Watson stars in this coming-of-age comedy based on the novel of the same name by Stephen Chbosky, who also wrote and directed the film. Watson plays one of two seniors who guide a nervous freshman.

The Raid (2011)

This Indonesian martial arts actioner balks at Hollywood's over-reliance on guns and explosions to wow audiences, using long stretches of incredible fight choreography to bolster its simple video game-ish plot: an elite cop squad sent to clear a high-rise building owned by a drug lord, floor by floor.

The Shining (1980)

Stephen King's popular novel gets the film treatment from Stanley Kubrick, about a father who loses his sanity in an isolated hotel the family is staying at for the winter, while his psychic son sees horrific forebodings from the past and the future.

The Social Network (2010)

The tale of Facebook co-founder Mark Zuckerberg gets a slight fictional spin, as it explores how the young engineer was sued by twin brothers who claimed he stole their idea, and sold lies to his co-founder and squeezed him out.

The Usual Suspects (1995)

A small-time con man (Kevin Spacey) lays out an elaborate story during a police investigation of how he got mixed up in a massacre, telling them about the legend of a crime lord known as Keyser Söze.

To Kill A Mockingbird (1962)

Based on Harper Lee's Pulitzer Prize-winning novel, a lawyer (Gregory Peck) defends a black man accused of raping a white woman, while protecting his children from the racism and evil that persists in their small town.

Train to Busan (2016)

Stuck on a blood-drenched bullet train ride across Korea, a father and his daughter must fight their way through a countrywide zombie outbreak to make it to the only city that's safe.

Trainspotting (1996)

A former drug addict is pulled back into the world by his friends in director Danny Boyle's breakout film, which explored the problems of those living in urban poverty in Edinburgh.

Vertigo (1958)

Topping Citizen Kane in the latest Sight & Sound poll, Alfred Hitchcock's thriller about a detective afraid of heights who falls for an old friend's wife while investigating her strange activities continued his tradition of turning audiences into voyeurs.

Warrior (2011)

A young vet (Tom Hardy) returns home and begins mixed martial arts training under his former boxer father, with the winner-takes-all fight pitting him against his estranged, older brother (Joel Edgerton).

Whiplash (2014)

An ambitious young drummer (Miles Teller) is pushed to his limits and beyond by an abusive instructor (J.K. Simmons) in what became writer-director Damien Chazelle's breakthrough.

Who Framed Roger Rabbit (1988)

Set in Hollywood during the late 1940s, this combination of live-action and animation follows a private detective hired by a cartoon character, who is accused of murdering a wealthy businessman.

Wreck-It Ralph (2012)

This Disney animated film tells the story of a video game villain who sets out to fulfil his dream of becoming a hero, but ends up bringing havoc to the entire arcade where he lives.

Zombieland (2009)

A student looking for his parents (Jesse Eisenberg), a man looking for a favourite snack, and two con artist sisters join forces and take an extended road trip across a zombie-filled America, while they all search for a zombie-free sanctuary.Gboard - the Google Keyboard app has received an update on the Android beta channel that brings the Make a GIF option, which had launched for iOS back in January this year. The Make a GIF feature lets users capture up to 3-second-long videos, complete with a few preset filters you can to add on top. The resultant GIF images can later be reused elsewhere - wherever GIFs via Gboard are supported, such as WhatsApp or Allo.

The Make a GIF feature is available in Gboard for Android v7.2.4.195258971 beta, and this can be downloaded by becoming a part of the Gboard beta testing programme on Google Play or via APK Mirror, from where you'll have to sideload the app. Android Police reports that not all Gboard for Android v7.2.4.195258971 users are seeing the feature, and it may be available on select devices. We were able to use it on a OnePlus 5 running Android 8.1 Oreo.

Gboard's new Make a GIF feature

To use the Make a GIF feature, tap on the G or Emoji symbol, and then tap on the GIFs tab. Here, you will see the new My GIFs tab, and there a Make a GIF button is visible. Once you tap it, you'll have to give Gboard permission to use the smartphone's camera to record photos and video, and then it will open up a camera interface with a few filter presets you can add. We hope that the list of presets increase with time, as it's just a small number now. You can choose to send the GIF in whichever messaging app you were in, or, you could tap the download button to save without sharing. It's also here, in the My GIFs tab that the GIF images you've made and sent with Gboard in the past will appear.

Gboard's new Sticker gallery

Alongside, the Gboard for Android v7.2.4.195258971 beta brings a new Sticker gallery, accessed via the + symbol in the Stickers tab. This gallery interface looks very similar to what Google offers on Allo. Android Police speculates that this may be a way Google continues to use the stickers it had offered in Allo, with development for the messaging app now on hold. A wider rollout of the Sticker gallery and Make a GIF feature can be expected in the coming weeks.Huawei P20 Lite and P20 Pro smartphones have been launched in India by the Chinese brand, which has already made a splash with its sub-brand Honor. Huawei P20 Lite price is Rs. 19,999, much more affordable than the Rs. 64,999 price tag of Huawei P20 Pro, whose USP is the Leica-powered triple rear camera setup. However, it is the former that is more likely to appeal to the masses, with its dual rear cameras, an AI-powered selfie camera, and a display that flows from edge-to-edge. Both the models will go on sale starting on May 3, exclusively via Amazon India. We got to spend some time with the former prior to the official launch, and here are our Huawei P20 Lite first impressions.

This mid-range smartphone comes with 2.5D curved glass back with glittery textures that make it look classy and sleek. We found it easy to hold in one hand despite the large display up front. However, the black version that we used is an absolute fingerprint magnet.

The vertically oriented dual-camera module is in the upper right corner of the rear of the Huawei P20 Lite. There's also a centrally located fingerprint sensor and a Huawei logo on the bottom right. The front of the phone is dominated by the 5.84-inch full-HD+ display that flows from edge to edge. It has an aspect ratio of 19:9 and a pixel density of 432ppi.

Just like its more expensive cousin, the Huawei P20 Lite has a notch up front that is customisable, and thankfully quite small. In our limited time with the device, we found the display to be quite satisfactory, with vivid and punchy colours, and good viewing angles. A detailed analysis of the display will have to wait till we conduct our full review.

Huawei P20 Lite, P20 Pro With FullView Displays Launched in India

The P20 Lite is powered by Huawei's own Kirin 659 processor which has been used for several Honor smartphones such as the Honor 7X, Honor 9 Lite, and Honor 9i. Other specifications include 4GB of RAM, 64GB of internal storage which can be expanded using a microSD card, and a non-removable 3000mAh battery.

While it is too early to make a definitive assessment, the smartphone ran pretty smoothly during our initial hands-on, with fluid animations and minimal load times for first-party apps. We'll see how this phone performs in our full review, when we can run games and perform benchmarks.

The P20 Lite runs Android 8.0 Oreo out of the box, with Huawei's EMUI 8.0 skin on top. EMUI has made massive strides over its past few iterations and is now lighter, cleaner, and noticeably faster. Most first-party applications were able to run without a hitch at the screen's 19:9 aspect ratio, with the area around the notch used to show the time and system status icons.

The smartphone supports face recognition, which worked quite well in our limited experience, and we will test this feature further. As with most face recognition unlocking implementations, this phone relies on the front camera, and does not work in the dark.

While the P20 Lite lacks the much-hyped Neural Processing Unit found in the P20 Pro, it still has a few tricks up its sleeve. The 24-megapixel camera up front features 3D facial recognition with 96 recognition points; a new beauty algorithm that modifies shadows, colour temperature and skin tone; and augmented reality effects in the form of selfie stickers. The P20 Lite can also take selfies with a bokeh effect using software algorithms.

The most striking aspect of the Huawei P20 Lite is its glass and metal design

At the back, there is a 16-megapixel primary camera and a 2-megapixel secondary sensor for depth-of-field effects. While it is too early to make a definitive assessment of photo quality, the camera app seems quite feature-packed and promising. In our experience, the AR effects as well as facial recognition worked well.

With an edge-to-edge display, a feature-packed camera app, classy design, and Android 8.0 Oreo out of the box, the Huawei P20 Lite looks set to be quite a promising mid-range smartphone. We will have to test it extensively to see how it fares against the competition. Stay tuned to Gadgets 360 for updates, as well as our detailed review of the Huawei P20 Lite.

We discussed whether Huawei P20 Pro is the Android world's iPhone X, on Orbital, our weekly technology podcast, which you can subscribe to via Apple Podcasts or RSS, download the episode, or just hit the play button below.

Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.WhatsApp Payments is now rolling out in India in beta for select Android smartphones as well as iPhones, bringing yet another digital payment option to the country. The new WhatsApp payments feature is pretty convenient, and potentially has a huge user base in the country because of the app's immense popularity. Moreover, since it is based on UPI, the money will go straight to your bank account, eliminating the need of mobile wallets and other similar financial instruments. Not sure how WhatsApp payments work? Here’s everything you need to know to get started.

How to get WhatsApp Payments right now

Like we said earlier, the WhatsApp payments feature is rolling out to select users in India right now. First, make sure you are running the latest version of the app - as of filing this report, that’s v2.18.41 on Android and iPhone v2.18.22. Open any WhatsApp chat and see if you see the new Payments sub-head under Settings. If you do, great, you now have access to WhatsApp’s UPI-based payments feature. If not, you have no other option but to wait.

How to add bank accounts for WhatsApp Payments

Here’s how you can add your bank account to WhatsApp and get started with the payments feature:

Go to Settings -> Payments inside WhatsApp. In the Bank Accounts sub-head, select the Add New Account option. Tap Accept and Continue if you agree with the terms. Tap the Verify via SMS and follow the prompts to send an SMS to start the linking process. On the next screen, select the bank whose account you want to add. If you have an account (or multiple accounts) linked with the number that you just sent the SMS from, you will be presented with your account (or accounts) from that bank. If everything goes smoothly, you will see the UPI Setup Complete screen.

You can repeat these steps to add multiple bank accounts to WhatsApp. If you have multiple accounts added, you can designate one of them as the primary account (by default the account you added first).

How to send money via WhatsApp Payments

You must remember that the WhatsApp payment feature works only if the recipient has setup their bank account within WhatsApp - send this guide to your friends and family to help them get started! You can also send money to individual group members in a group chat, provided they have enabled the Payment option. Moreover, you cannot pay money to verified business accounts (such as BookMyShow or MakeMyTrip) because the service is only peer-to-peer (i.e. person to person).

Here’s how to send your first (and subsequent) payments via WhatsApp:

Open the chat of the WhatsApp contact to whom you want to send money. On Android, tap the Attach button. If you are on iPhone, select the Plus button. To send money, just tap on Payment, and enter the amount you want to send. You can also add a note to the message if you want. To authorise the payment, just enter the UPI PIN of the bank account from which you are trying to send money. Once the money is sent, the amount (and the text note, if any) will show as a message as part of the conversation.

The WhatsApp Payments option can be found under Attachments in chats

As you can see above, the process is quite simple and takes only a few taps to complete. If you want to switch between accounts, you just need to tap on the bank account while sending money and you will see the list of linked accounts to switch between.

WhatsApp will maintain a log of all your transactions - the money you sent and the money you received - using the Payments option under Settings. To check the log, just go to Settings, tap on Payments and select the View History option.

This is WhatsApp's first attempt on the digital payments front, which has been dominated by Paytm in India. The Facebook-owned app has not officially announced this feature yet, and kept it in beta mode so far, meaning only a small segment of its more than 200 million users can access it presently. Google's Tez, Paytm's Inbox, and the numerous UPI services managed by banks themselves have made it pretty easy to transfer money to one another.

Disclosure: Paytm's parent company One97 is an investor in Gadgets 360.​Phone looks so smart like apple x. Best option if you are looking for iPhone X-like notches.

Awesome smartphone till i have owned.stunning look and premium build.I can only say go get it

very very light wait with good display , only one draw back , it's not play video in full screen, or in screen mirror mode. camera quality is awesome

So far so good, feels awesome with this new phone. Camera, battery performance, processer, music quality, face unlock, and data security is so satisfying.

Full view display is really good, battery lasts for almost two days for now, loved it ðð

This page uses Javascript. Your browser either doesn't support Javascript or you have it turned off. To see this page as it is meant to appear please use a Javascript enabled browser.After disrupting the mobile network market, Reliance Jio is expected to launch its Jio Fiber fixed line broadband services soon. Reportedly in testing with since September 2016, and officially since last May with limited users in select cities, the company has been offering preview plans with free data to its fibre-to-the-home (FTTH) users. Now, a report claims the "initial plan" being offered to users now provides up to 1.1TB of data to users. Jio Fiber FTTH broadband services are currently in testing select markets including Ahmedabad, Chennai, Jamnagar, Mumbai, and New Delhi among others, with a commercial launch set for later this year. Reliance Industries Chairman Mukesh Ambani had in July last year said the Jio Fiber launch was "well on track".

According to a report by The Hindu, citing a person familiar with the development, the new initial plan being offered by Jio Fiber includes 100GB of free data per month at 100Mbps speed. Once this FUP is exhausted, customers can reportedly avail 40GB of free data in the form of top-ups, 25 times in a month - effectively obtaining 1,100GB or roughly 1.1TB of free data. It unclear if the remaining 1TB of data will be made available at the same 100Mbps speed. Reliance Jio is said to be in plans to publicly launch Jio Fiber services for both households and enterprise customers, eyeing 100 million television households across 30 cities. Previous preview plans were spotted as being made available for the first three months of usage, offering 100GB of free data per month at 100Mbps. Exceeding the 100GB FUP meant a drop to broadband speed of 1Mbps.

A Jio Fiber connection is said to be available in the initial markets at an interest-free security deposit of Rs. 4,500 that is refundable in nature. By paying the security deposit, Head of Strategy and Planning at Reliance Jio Anshuman Thakur told the newspaper that the company will install a Jio router, which can also be used as a set-top box to enable TV channels via IPTV services that are yet to be rolled out. Furthermore, the telco is already reported to have more than three lakh kilometres of optic fibre network across the country. This could help a faster rollout of the public release of Jio Fiber.

We've reached out to Reliance Jio for clarity on the availability of Jio Fiber and will update this space accordingly.

As per its latest quarterly results, the subscriber base of Reliance Jio reached 186.6 million in the first quarter of 2018, up from the 160.1 million subscriber base it had reported in the previous quarter. The company also added as many as 26.5 million new users in the first quarter.Asus was one of the first companies to kick off the low-cost smartphone war in India way back in 2014 with the original Zenfone 4, 5, and 6, which were all extremely popular. Can the new ZenFone Max Pro M1 take on the likes of Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro and help Asus make a dent in the sub-Rs 15,000 price segment? Here's our review of the ZenFone Max Pro M1.Unveiled at MWC this year, the Nokia 7 Plus made its way to the Indian market in April at Rs. 25,999. The smartphone features a dual-SIM slot, and while one slot offered LTE connectivity the other did not. This didn't go down well with critics, and many users started pointing out this flaw, given that the smartphone runs on Snapdragon 660 SoC. However, Juho Sarvikas, Chief Product Officer at HMD Global, has now confirmed that the Nokia 7 Plus will receive LTE support in the second SIM soon.

The Nokia 7 Plus is powered by the Snapdragon 660 processor and the chipset brings support for dual -SIM LTE functionality. Therefore the lack for LTE support in the second SIM was questioned by many. In a Twitter reply, Sarvikas on Thursday confirmed that support for LTE on the second SIM is arriving soon. This is a welcome change as many users in India have now switched to 4G exclusively.

The Nokia 7 Plus is available via Amazon India, the Nokia Shop, and select offline retail outlets such as Sangeetha, Poorvika, Big C, Croma and Reliance Digital, in Black/ Copper and White/ Copper colour variants.

Nokia 7 Plus specifications

The Nokia 7 Plus runs on Android 8.1 Oreo out-of-the-box and is an Android One smartphone which entails no skins and customisations from Nokia's end as well as swift updates. The smartphone comes with a 6-inch full-HD+ (1080x2160) IPS LCD display with an 18:9 aspect ratio, Corning Gorilla Glass and a peak brightness rating of 500-nits. It is powered by the octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 660 SoC paired with 4GB of LPDDR4 RAM.

There is a dual camera setup at the back capable of 2X optical zoom with a dual-tone LED flash and Zeiss optics. The primary 12-megapixel wide-angle sensor has an aperture of f/1.75 and a pixel size of 1.4 microns. The secondary 13-megapixel sensor has an aperture of f/2.6 and a pixel size of 1 microns. On the front, the Nokia 7 Plus has a 16-megapixel fixed focus camera with an f/2.0 aperture, 1-micron pixels and Zeiss optics.

The Nokia 7 Plus has 64GB of internal storage which can be expanded via a microSD card (up to 256GB). On the connectivity front, it supports 4G VoLTE, Wi-Fi 802.11ac, Bluetooth v5.0, GPS/ A-GPS, NFC, USB Type-C (2.0), and a 3.5mm audio jack. It also comes with a myriad of sensors on board such as an accelerometer, ambient light sensor, digital compass, gyroscope, proximity sensor, and a rear-facing fingerprint sensor. The smartphone measures 158.38x75.64x7.99mm and has a 3,800mAh battery with fast charging that HMD Global claims can deliver a standby time of 723 hours and a talk time of up to 19 hours.Xiaomi Redmi S2 की स्मार्टफोन बाज़ार में चर्चा तेज़ हो गई है। Xiaomi Redmi S2 कंपनी का अगला बजट स्मार्टफोन है, जिसके लिए कहा जा रहा है कि यह भारत में 10 मई को लॉन्च होगा। टीज़र में एक युवक स्टेडियम में दिख रहा है और यहां पैराशूट के साथ S लिखा देखा गया है। अफवाहों की मानें तो फोन की जानकारियां पहले भी टीज़र के ज़रिए आ चुकी हैं। Xiaomi Redmi S2 चीन में एक्सक्लूसिव तौर पर सनिंग.कॉम पर आएगा। पिछली तस्वीरों में Xiaomi Redmi S2 दिखने में बिल्कुल Xiaomi के Redmi Note 5 Pro और Mi 6X जैसा लग रहा था।कुछ जानकारियां कंपनी की तरफ से वीबो पर पोस्ट की गई तस्वीर से भी मिली थीं। इससे पहले आए टीज़र में बड़ा सा S देका गया था, जो लाल और ब्लू रंग में था। साथ ही Xiaomi के रेडमी एस2 को चेक रिपब्लिक के मी स्टोर में भी देखा गया था, जहां इसके स्पेसिफिकेशन का भी ज़िक्र था। स्मार्टफोन को टीना और 3सी सर्टिफिकेशन में भी देखा गया था, जिससे इशारा मिला था कि यह भारत में भी लॉन्च ज़रूर किया जाएगा। चीन में यह अगले हफ्ते दस्तक देगा, साथ ही भारत में भी इसकी लॉन्चिंग इसी दौरान मानी जा रही है।यहां फोन देखने में पतले बेज़ल वाला है। हेडफोन जैक दिया गया है। ज़िक्र है कि Xiaomi Redmi S2 एंड्रॉयड ओरियो पर आधारित मीयूआई 9 पर चलेगा। इसमें 5.99 इंच का एचडी प्लस डिस्प्ले है। डिस्प्ले का आस्पेक्ट रेशियो 18:9 है। फोन में काम करता है स्नैपड्रैगन 625 प्रोसेसर। यूज़र को इसमें मिलेंगे डुअल रियर कैमरे, जो होंगे 12+5 मेगापिक्सल के। फ्रंट कैमरा 16 मेगापिक्सल रिजॉल्यूशन वाला है।बैटरी क्षमता 3080 एमएएच की है। पिछले लीक की बात करें तो Xiaomi Redmi S2 में डुअल वर्टिकल रियर कैमरे बताए गए थे। कहा गया था कि फोन में 3 जीबी रैम व 32 जीबी का इनबिल्ट स्टोरेज होगा। स्टोरेज को माइक्रोएसडी कार्ड की मदद से बढ़ाया जाना भी संभव होगा।Redmi S2 is all set to be Xiaomi's upcoming budget smartphone as the Chinese phone maker has confirmed the phone's launch date. A teaser posted on Weibo by Xiaomi confirms the launch of the Redmi S2 smartphone on May 10, which will be the first model in the company's new Redmi S series. The teaser also shows the Redmi S2 rear panel, which looks quite similar to that of Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro and the Mi 6X. Also, it seems the handset will be exclusively available via Suning.com in China; the handset is also rumoured to be headed to India, though it is not yet clear when it will hit our shores.

This update was revealed by Xiaomi in a post on Weibo. Previously, Xiaomi had posted another teaser that showed off the letter 'S' in red and blue paint. Further, the Redmi S2 was also spotted with high-resolution product shots at the opening of a Mi Store in Czech Republic.

Additionally, the Redmi S2 has been spotted on certification website TENAA once again. The new listings show two variants of the handset, with model numbers M1803E6T and M1803E6C and identical hardware. As per the listing, the smartphone will run Android 8.1 Oreo-based software and feature a 5.99-inch HD+ (720x1440 pixel) display and octa-core processor. It also shows the handset will come in 2GB, 3GB and 4GB RAM variants, and have 16GB, 32GB and 64GB storage options, all with support for up to 256GB microSD cards.

There will be a dual rear camera setup in vertical alignment featuring a 12-megapixel primary sensor and 5-megapixel secondary sensor, as well as a 16-megapixel selfie camera. Sensor onboard include gravity sensor, distance sensor, light sensor, and fingerprint recognition. It is said to come in black, rose gold, gold, white, blue, red, pink, grey, and silver colour options. Powering the handset - which will have dimensions of 160.73×77.26×8.1mm and weigh 170 grams - will be a 3000mAh battery.

Prior to this too the Redmi S2 has been spotted on TENAA, as well as certification website 3C that hinted at an impending launch in the country. While China will witness the unveiling next week, an India launch is also in the pipeline if rumours are to be believed.LG G7 ThinQ debuted on Wednesday as the company's latest flagship - aimed at countering the likes of Apple iPhone X and Samsung Galaxy S9. The new smartphone has a top-of-the-line hardware that includes a thin-bezel FullView Super Bright display, Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 SoC, and dual rear camera setup. It also comes with Android Oreo along with a new version of LG UX on top. All this makes the latest LG smartphone a decent alternative in the premium segment. However, the South Korean has also provided a bunch of proprietary features that make its newest model a compelling option. These features are using the hardware-software mix of the LG G7 ThinQ to deliver an advanced user experience.

Here, we cover a total of seven new features of the LG G7 ThinQ that you should know about.

AI CAM

First in the list of the LG G7 ThinQ features is AI CAM that was initially a part of the LG V30S ThinQ. The feature, which is based on artificial intelligence (AI) based algorithms, offers a total of 19 shooting models that are designed to enhance the memories captured from the dual rear camera setup. The smartphone also has three effect options that can be picked up to improve photos further. Plus, there are AI algorithms that are touted to adjust the camera settings automatically when capturing shots in low light.

Portrait mode

Alongside the AI CAM, the LG G7 ThinQ comes preloaded with a Portrait mode that blurs backgrounds to enhance foreground subjects, also known as the depth-of-field Bokeh effect. This appears similar to the Portrait mode available on many other smartphones. Furthermore, the handset can generate the Bokeh effect using either the standard or the Super Wide Angle lens of the rear camera setup that comes with an f/1.9 aperture and 107-degree of view.

3D Stickers

The LG G7 ThinQ has 3D Stickers that use the smartphone's face recognition technology to generate 2D and 3D overlays such a sunglasses and headbands. These objects can be viewed directly on the display. LG looks set to take on Apple's Animoji and Samsung's AR Stickers by offering 3D Stickers on the latest G series model.

Live Photo mode

Similar to 3D Stickers, the LG G7 ThinQ has a Live Photo mode that reminds us the Live Photos feature of Apple's iOS. The mode records a scene one second before and after once the shutter is pressed. This helps to capture snippets of unexpected moments or expressions that would be missed normally.

Boombox Speaker

In addition to the camera-focused features, the LG G7 ThinQ has a Boombox Speaker that creates a resonance chamber by utilising the internal space of the smartphone to produce double the bass of conventional smartphones, and increases the amplitude by more than 6dB. The company claims that the new speaker design offers a powerful "boombox" sound and transform the built-in speaker into a woofer to amplify the bass effect.

DTS:X

The next audiophile-centric feature that the LG G7 ThinQ has is DTS:X support. This is claimed to help deliver virtual 3D surround sound of any type of content - irrespective of what earphones you are using - up to 7.1 channel. Notably, there is a 3.5mm headphone jack that offers compatibility with a wide range of earphones. The smartphone is also equipped with a Hi-Fi Quad DAC technology that is touted to provide a rich sound experience when paired with high-impedance earphones.

Dedicated Google Assistant button

Last but not the least in the list of major new features the LG G7 ThinQ offers is the dedicated Google Assistant button that helps you launch Google's voice assistant with a single tap. You can also double tap the button to launch Google Lens. Similarly, you can start talking to the Google Assistant by holding down the dedicated button. This sounds similar to a walkie-talkie that comes with a push-to-talk (PTT) button.Asus ZenFone Max Pro M1 smartphone was launched in April 2018. The phone comes with a 5.99-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 1080 pixels by 2160 pixels. Asus ZenFone Max Pro M1 price in India starts from Rs. 10,999.

The Asus ZenFone Max Pro M1 is powered by octa-core processor and it comes with 3GB of RAM. The phone packs 32GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 2000GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Asus ZenFone Max Pro M1 packs a 13-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 8-megapixel front shooter for selfies.

The Asus ZenFone Max Pro M1 runs Android 8.1 Oreo and is powered by a 5000mAh. It measures 159.00 x 76.00 x 8.46 (height x width x thickness) and weighs 180.00 grams.

The Asus ZenFone Max Pro M1 is a dual SIM (GSM and GSM) smartphone that accepts Nano-SIM and Nano-SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, 3G and 4G (with support for Band 40 used by some LTE networks in India). Sensors on the phone include Compass/ Magnetometer, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Ambient light sensor and Gyroscope.iPhone X was the bestselling smartphone of Q1 2018, a Strategy Analytics report has claimed. Apple had a great outing in the quarter, with the iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus - smartphones that were launched alongside the iPhone X last September - coming in at second and third, respectively. The Cupertino company rounded off the top four with the iPhone 7, and the only Android smartphone in the top five is remarkably Xiaomi's entry-level smartphone - the Redmi 5A.

Strategy Analytics in its report says the iPhone X captured 5 percent of the global smartphone market in Q1 2018, with 16 million units shipped. Apple shipped 12.5 million iPhone 8 units, which had a 3.6 percent share of the market, followed by the iPhone 8 Plus' 8.3 million units, and 2.4 percent share. The iPhone 7 saw 5.6 million units shipped, a fall from its record 21.5 million units in Q1 2017.

"For the second quarter running, the iPhone X remains the world's most popular smartphone model overall, due to a blend of good design, sophisticated camera, extensive apps, and widespread retail presence for the device," said Juha Winter, Senior Analyst at Strategy Analytics. "Apple has now shifted almost 50 million iPhone X units worldwide since commercial launch in November 2017."

Q1 2018 Global Smartphone Shipments Market Share

Photo Credit: Strategy Analytics

Coming to the first Android contender in Strategy Analytics' Q1 2018 global smartphone shipments report, the Xiaomi Redmi 5A saw 5.4 million units shipped, marginally behind the iPhone 7. The entry-level smartphone was launched in China last October, and brought to India in November. As an introductory offer for the first 5 million units in India, the smartphone's base model (2GB RAM/ 16GB storage) had a Rs. 1,000 discount, bringing its price down to Rs. 4,999. It ended the introductory price offer in March.

"Xiaomi has become wildly popular across India and China," said Linda Sui, Director at Strategy Analytics. "Xiaomi is selling a huge volume of smartphones through online channels, with key retail partners including Flipkart and JD."

The Strategy Analytics report reveals only the top six models in terms of global smartphone shipments, saying they accounted for 1 in 7 of all smartphones shipped in the quarter. The Samsung Galaxy S9+ took the last spot in its list. The Samsung Galaxy S-Series flagship shipped 5.3 million units, just behind Xiaomi's budget offering, claiming 1.5 percent of the global smartphone market. However, not all is doom and gloom for Samsung's flagships, with the market research firm predicting the Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus would become the top-selling Android smartphone in Q2 2018.

Q1 2018 Global Smartphone Shipments Market Share

Photo Credit: Strategy Analytics

Woody Oh, Director at Strategy Analytics, said, "Samsung's new flagships, Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9+, only started shipping toward the end of the first quarter, but shipments are already off to a very good start. The S9 Plus delivers an attractive, bezel-less, curved-screen design, a rich portfolio of software apps, and best-in-class retail distribution across dozens of countries. We expect the Galaxy S9+ to become the best-selling Android smartphone globally in the second quarter of 2018."

Other manufacturers made up 84.6 percent of the 345.4 million market, shipping 292.3 units over the quarter. Global smartphone shipments fell year-on-year, from 353.8 million units the previous year.Asus has often experimented with emerging product markets such as netbooks, wearables, tablets, and of course smartphones. The company's biggest success in the Indian smartphone market was back in 2014, when it was one of the first to kick off the low-cost smartphone war. The original ZenFone 4 (Review), ZenFone 5 (Review), and ZenFone 6 (Review) were all quite popular, and plenty of people gave the then relatively unfamiliar brand a chance.

Since then, Asus has tried a number of strategies: going exclusively high-end with the ZenFone 3 series, then focusing on selfies with the ZenFone 4 series, and targeting tiny niches now and then with products such as the ZenFone AR (Review), ZenFone Zoom S (Review), and ZenFone Live (Review). However, new Chinese brands had moved in on the value market during that time, and none of Asus' recent efforts achieved the same level of success.

Now, Asus trying to going back to its strategy of delighting buyers with devices that have premium features at almost impossibly affordable prices. More specifically, it's looking to reclaim the sub-Rs. 15,000 segment where Xiaomi and Lenovo effectively have a stranglehold. It will be tougher than before, but the more options, the better for buyers.

The new Zenfone Max Pro M1 was developed specifically for India, according to Asus, and it could be the first of many such devices. Its chief purpose is to knock the Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 (Review) and Redmi Note 5 Pro (Review) off their perches, and with a starting price of Rs. 10,999, we're paying attention.

We were able to spend some time with a pre-sale version of this phone prior to its official launch, and while there were a few elements that weren't quite ready for release, we can tell you quite a lot about the Zenfone Max Pro M1 - including whether or not it's the Xiaomi killer that Asus hopes it will be.

Asus Zenfone Max Pro M1 design

First of all, this is quite a good-looking phone. It will be available in Grey and Midnight Black, and our review unit is the latter. It's more of a really dark navy blue than black, and you'll see that more under strong light. It feels pretty good, with a non-slippery back and rounded-edge glass on the front. Asus says that it has used "high-quality durable glass", but it isn't branded and isn't specifically described as reinforced.

The frame is made of aluminium and there's a metal backplate. There are no sharp edges and even the camera module barely protrudes at all. One problem is how badly the rear gets smudged with fingerprints. The Asus Zenfone Max Pro M1 is also a bit thick at 8.61mm and somewhat heavy at 180g. Because of its size, you won't be able to reach all parts of the screen with one thumb, and it can be a little top-heavy when typing with both thumbs at keyboard level. However, the fingerprint scanner is within easy reach, and was quick most of the time. We had to deal with a few failed recognition attempts early in our review process, but an OTA update fixed most of these issues mid-way.

There's the mandatory 18:9 screen in the front, with rounded corners and narrow borders on either side. The power and volume buttons on the right are within easy reach, as is the fingerprint sensor on the back. We're slightly disappointed to see a Micro-USB port on the bottom rather than Type-C, but we can live with this. There's also a 3.5mm audio socket and a single speaker. The tray on the left has cutouts for two Nano-SIMs as well as a microSD card.

In the box, you get a 10W charger, a USB cable, some warranty and other leaflets, and a little cardboard accessory called the Max Box. This is essentially a foldable stand for the phone with a cutout in its base that helps direct and amplify sound. There's no headset, screen protector, or case of any kind bundled with the Asus Zenfone Max Pro M1.

Asus Zenfone Max Pro M1 specifications and software

The big news here is the use of Qualcomm's Snapdragon 636 processor, designed for premium mid-range smartphones, in a device at this price level. It's no surprise that this is the same processor that Xiaomi chose for its Redmi Note 5 Pro. It is also interesting to note that Asus is using the same processor in its "lite" flagship Zenfone 5 (2018). We were expecting this phone to launch in India around now but it's positioned in a much higher product segment so we'll have to see how that plays out now. As a sidenote, we can now also see why Qualcomm decided to introduce a Snapdragon 700 series to fill the gap between this segment and the flagship Snapdragon 845.

The other big highlight on the Zenfone Max Pro M1 spec sheet is a 5000mAh battery. Asus has used the Max name for phones with big batteries before, so this is a fitting continuation. This explains the phone's relative bulk and weight, and considering how impressed we were with the Redmi Note 5 Pro's battery life, we hope this phone blows us away.

We're glad to see that there's no notch on the 5.99-inch screen. It has an 18:9 aspect ratio and resolution of 1080x2160. The corners are rounded, and Asus claims a 450nit maximum brightness with a contrast ratio of 1500:1 and 85 percent reproduction of the NTSC colour gamut. In terms of design, this phone isn't exactly borderless but it does look slick and modern. The screen is bright enough for outdoor use, and colours are quite vibrant. We had no complaints about viewing angles either. There's a night mode as well as manual colour temperature adjustment in the Settings app.

You can choose between two variants of the Zenfone Max Pro M1: one has 3GB of RAM and 32GB of storage priced at Rs. 10,999, while the other - priced at Rs. 12,999 - has 4GB and 64GB respectively. In terms of pricing, we’d say that this is pretty unbelievable value, beating the benchmark set by Xiaomi in this price segment.

In addition to two Nano-SIM slots, this phone has a dedicated microSD card slot, and capacity support goes up to 2TB. You can use two 4G SIMs at a time, but only one will run at 4G speed while the other is limited to 3G. VoLTE is supported too. There's single-band Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n which is a surprise, considering that the Snapdragon 636 supports faster Wi-Fi 802.11ac. However you do get Bluetooth 5 with aptX audio.

Asus has ditched its custom ZenUI and apps in favour of stock Android 8.1 with this model, which is quite a big surprise considering how much the company usually trumpets all the little things it pays attention to in terms of shortcuts and customisations. The company tells us that this was in response to market research, and it decided that this was the better approach for the intended market segment. Of course, it also presents a huge contrast to Xiaomi's MIUI. Asus also told Gadgets 360 that it intends to deliver updates all the way till Android Q, which would be a pretty big bonus.

You get all the Android Oreo features such as notification dots, action shortcuts on app icons, and split-screen multitasking. We found ourselves missing simple things like an auto brightness toggle in the quick shortcuts panel, and the ability to double-tap the screen to wake the phone from sleep. We do know that there are some customisations though. For example, Asus is advertising facial recognition as a feature of this phone, but it hadn't been implemented yet on the pre-release software running on our unit, so we weren't able to test it for ourselves.

There's still a little bloatware, but it's manageable. You get Facebook, Instagram, Messenger, and Go2Pay preinstalled, and none of them can be removed. There are also a few useful ZenUI apps - Voice Recorder, Calculator, and FM Radio.

Asus Zenfone Max Pro M1 performance, battery life, and cameras

Our review unit was the variant with 3GB of RAM and we didn't feel at any point that this was too little. The Zenfone Max Pro M1 ran all our apps smoothly, and every part of the Android UI was snappy at all times. We enjoyed watching videos and playing games. This is a pretty good phone for entertainment, although the rear did get slightly warm after some time.

Benchmark scores were very high, thanks to the Snapdragon 636 processor. Other than Xiaomi's Redmi Note 5 Pro, the Asus Zenfone Max Pro M1 doesn't have much competition in its price band. AnTuTu gave us 114,096 points, and Geekbench's single- and multi-core results were 1,330 and 4,755 respectively. GFXBench's T-rex test ran at 34fps, and 3DMark Slingshot gave us a score of 1,440.

The battery was able to get us through a full working day with a fair bit of videos streaming and some time spent playing 3D games, but that isn't especially impressive considering its 5000mAh capacity. Our video loop battery test ran for 13 hours, 29 minutes which is less than what the Redmi Note 5 Pro managed with a smaller battery, and also well short of Asus's claim of 25 hours of continuous video playback. This is an odd result, and we should note that power management could improve once Asus releases the final shipping firmware.

There's a 10 Watt charger charger in the box, and while Qualcomm Quick Charge isn't explicitly publicised as a feature, our review unit did display the "charging rapidly" message. We were able to go from zero to 15 percent in 10 minutes but it took just under three hours to get to 100 percent.

The single speaker on the bottom can get very loud, but music distorts badly at full volume. The cardboard Max Box is being touted as an amplifier but it's more of a gimmick. It unfolds very cleverly into a stand with a base that channels sound towards you. There is a slight amplifying effect, but while it might be useful for music or calls, you can't use it when watching videos in landscape mode.

Camera quality is ususally where low-cost phones compromise the most so we were curious to see what the Zenfone Max Pro M1 has in store for us. Asus has outfitted the smartphone with a 13-megapixel camera and 5-megapixel depth sensor on the rear, which meets the requirement for dual cameras. On the front, there's an 8-megapixel camera with its own flash.

We found the camera app to be a little confusing, with controls that weren't well laid out at all. For example, the flash settings are in a menu and it takes three taps to turn it on or off. There's also no way to know what state it's in unless you open the menu to check. There's a "depth mode" toggle rather than a separate portrait mode, so you might also not always realise when it's enabled. It also takes three taps to get into video mode and begin recording. There are some scene modes and beautification, but no manual mode.

The rear camera can record 4K video but for some reason there are two resolution options, 4K DCI and 4K UHD, but there's nothing telling users what the difference is (the former is 4096x2160 while the latter is 3840x2160). On the other extreme, there are options to record at QVGA (320x240) and CIF (352x240) resolutions which have no use case at all these days. We saw some minor UI changes in OTA updates during the course of our review, but we think a complete overhaul is necessary.

In the daytime, the shots we took with the Zenfone Max Pro M1 were quite vibrant, with colours that popped nicely. Some details and textures at a distance weren't all that sharp, but close-ups fared relatively well in this regard. The depth mode produced visible results with smooth gradients between the foreground and background. At night, details get a little fuzzy and it takes much longer to lock focus, but things are largely under control.

Tap to see full-sized Asus Zenfone Max Pro M1 photo samples

Video taken during the day and at night was usable, but there was a lot of focus shifting. The front camera is pretty good as well, and people will be happy with the quality of selfies. The only trouble we had was that the front flash doesn't provide soft illumination, but is in actual flash that fires harshly in your face.

Asus has promised some camera quality improvements with software updates that should be ready by the time anyone buys this phone, but even as it stands at the time of our review, the Zenfone Max Pro M1 is pretty decent.



Asus Zenfone Max Pro M1 in pictures

Verdict

Asus is going to get a lot of attention because of the pricing of the Zenfone Max Pro M1, and it's positioning itself squarely as a Xiaomi killer. The specifications match those of the Redmi Note 5 Pro, but there are a few extra perks such as the bigger battery, dedicated microSD slot, and front flash. However, the prices are more in line with those of the Redmi Note 5, which is one rung lower in Xiaomi's lineup. We also now know what the Moto G6 lineup will be like, and it seems that there won't be any challenge from that corner in terms of specifications, at least.

Aside from the question marks hanging over the Zenfone Max Pro M1's camera quality and slightly underwhelming battery life, Asus has managed to pull off a massive achievement. With Flipkart on board as an exclusive partner, we're hoping that the logistics of availability and distribution will not be bottlenecked. Asus is promising that it has every intention of ensuring that there's adequate supply to meet demand, and that it isn't interested in flash sales or running out of stock quickly to create buzz. That's excellent news for buyers. We can't wait to see how Xiaomi responds.

When we look back at the time that has passed since the Asus Zenfone 4, 5 and 6 were launched in India, it's incredible to consider just how much better budget smartphones have become. We would never have believed that great phones could be this affordable, but here we are with the Zenfone Max Pro M1. Asus is sending a clear message that it intends to do whatever it takes to be successful in India, and once again, buyers win.

We discussed whether Asus Zenfone Max Pro M1 is a Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro killer on Orbital, our weekly technology podcast, which you can subscribe to via Apple Podcasts or RSS, download the episode, or just hit the play button below.WhatsApp is by far the most popular cross-platform messaging app in India. Globally, WhatsApp has 1.5 billion monthly active users (MAUs) and the app processes around 60 billion messages each day. This makes it a great platform for anyone to offer business services or customer support over mobile.

In January this year, WhatsApp introduced its business-focused app in India, just days after its initial launch. The WhatsApp Business app is currently only available on Android. The app is similar to the regular WhatsApp app, but comes with a number of features that enable businesses to effectively communicate with their customers. Let's take a look at the new features, and how to make use of WhatsApp Business.

How to create a WhatsApp business profile

So far small businesses have been using the regular WhatsApp app to conduct their business or offer customer support. While that can also work, creating a business profile will offer much more credibility to your conversations.

To get started, simply download the WhatsApp Business app from the Google Play Store. Sign up using your mobile phone number. Ideally, you should be using your business phone number because that will make verification much easier later on. Create your profile by entering your business details under Settings > Business Settings > Profile. Make sure you accurately enter details like your business name, address, contact details, etc.

Setting up WhatsApp for Business

Once you're done creating your business profile, it's now time to set up the app. The WhatsApp Business app offers a few smart messaging tools which can help you save time and make things easier. You can set up automated greeting and away messages. You can also set up quick replies for your customers.

Here's how to set up WhatsApp for Business:

To setup these messaging tools, simply go to Settings > Business Settings and check the messaging options available there. You'll see three available options: Away message, Greeting message, and Quick replies. You can set each of these depending on your requirements. You can setup an automated away message when you're unable to reply to your customers. You can also set it up to send the away message at all times, on a customised schedule, or outside of business hours. A greeting message is sent out automatically when a customer messages you for the first time or after 14 days of inactivity. For quick replies, you can setup a basic message, pick a shortcut, and select keywords (optional). These come in handy when you're answering frequently asked questions, or want to exchange pleasantries.

Using WhatsApp Business effectively

Now that you have everything setup on the app, it's time to use it effectively. You can use WhatsApp Business in a number of ways. It could be something as simple as offering support to your customers or send them timely updates. The possibilities are nearly endless.

1. Labels for your conversations

One of the biggest things you'll need to consider while using WhatsApp Business is keeping a track of your customers. While you'll need to manually add them to your contacts list, you'll also be able to assign labels to your conversations. These are helpful while interacting with a large number of users.

You can setup labels for your customers and then label your chat conversations using them. For example: You may want to label a conversation as 'new customer'. This way when your customer replies after some time you'll still be able to make out who this person is.

To add a new label: Tap on the menu button on a chat conversation and tap New Label. Enter the text for the new label and tap on Save.

To add labels to chats: Tap on the menu button on a chat conversation and then pick a label and tap Save.

2. Use WhatsApp Business on desktop and Web

Just like your personal WhatsApp account, you can use WhatsApp Business mobile app with the desktop variant too. This makes it much easier to interact with a large number of customers.

The setup process for the desktop variant is the same as the regular WhatsApp app. Go to Settings > WhatsApp Web and scan the given QR code.

3. One-on-one support

One of the primary advantages of using WhatsApp Business app is being able to offer one-on-one support to your customers. If you're running a small business, you'd want to stay on top of your customers' queries.

WhatsApp Business app also lets you send photos, videos, and other attachments to your customers, and vice-versa. This can help your customers explain their issues more clearly.

4. Sending out updates

WhatsApp Business can also help you send out timely updates related to your business. Be it a new product or a new service you're about to launch, it's always perfect to let your existing and prospective customers know about it first.

You could create broadcast lists to send out messages to a large number of people in one go. This can help you save time in case you have a large customer base, though broadcast lists are currently limited to 256 contacts.OnePlus 6 is all set to be unveiled on May 16 and just ahead of official launch, the smartphone has made an appearance on a Chinese certification site revealing its full specifications. When it comes to OnePlus 6 and its specifications, most of the key details have already been confirmed by the company and they suggest a decent upgrade over the OnePlus 5T. While most of the other details have already been revealed in several leaks and rumours over the past few months, the latest leak reconfirms them. However, the new listing does not provide any official images of the OnePlus 6.

As per Slashleaks, a OnePlus smartphone with model number A6000 have been certified by TENAA, as spotted by Slashleaks, revealing full specifications. According to the OnePlus A6000 listing, the smartphone sports a 6.28-inch full-HD+ (1080x2280 pixels) AMOLED display. The smartphone is powered by a 2.45GHz octa-core processor that means the Snapdragon 845 SoC. In the current listing, the OnePlus 6 is equipped with 6GB of RAM and inbuilt storage of 64GB. However, the TENAA listing of the smartphone may soon get updated with an 8GB RAM listing as well, including inbuilt storage variants up to 256GB.

The OnePlus 6 will come with Android 8.1 Oreo, as per the listing. In terms of optics, the handset sports a dual camera setup that includes a 20-megapixel primary sensor and a 16-megapixel secondary sensor. On the front, it has a 16-megapixel camera for selfies. Further, the smartphone will be fuelled up by 3300mAh battery and it measures 155.7x75.35x7.75mm and it weighs 177 grams.

So far, OnePlus itself has confirmed a lot of things about the OnePlus 6. First off, is it will sport an iPhone X-like notch to house its front camera, proximity sensor, and earpiece, and users will get the software option to hide the notch if they don't like it. The smartphone will also have a glass back panel, which is thought to enable wireless charging, and it will be made of 'new materials', the company had teased.

Notably, OnePlus 6 India price details got leaked earlier this week. The OnePlus 6 expected to be launched in India priced at Rs. 36,999 for the 64GB storage variant, while the 128GB variant will cost Rs. 39,999.ZenFone Max Pro M1 will to be available for purchase in India again on May 10, the company has announced in a statement. The ZenFone Max Pro M1 smartphone, which was launched last week, went out of stock shortly after its pre-orders kicked off on Thursday exclusively via Flipkart. Asus hasn't provided any details about the number of units it sold through the first pre-orders round; however, it does say in a press statement that the smartphone has received a "tremendous response" from Indian customers. The new ZenFone Max Pro M1 model is designed to take on the Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro that is also one of the widely popular smartphones in the under Rs. 15,000 price bracket. It offers a stock Android experience and has features such as a thin-bezel display and a dual rear camera setup to persuade customers.

Asus ZenFone Max Pro M1 price in India

The Asus ZenFone Max Pro M1 price in India has been set at Rs. 10,999 for the 3GB RAM and 32GB internal storage variant. The 4GB RAM and 64GB storage variant, on the other hand, comes at Rs. 12,999. Asus also announced a 6GB RAM and 64GB storage variant of the ZenFone Max Pro M1 with a price tag of Rs. 14,999. However, the release date for this last variant hasn't been revealed.

Asus is offering the ZenFone Max Pro M1 in Midnight Black and Grey colour options. Furthermore, Vodafone prepaid subscribers buying the new ZenFone handset will get 10GB of complementary data per month for 12 months on recharges of Rs. 199 and above, while Vodafone postpaid subscribers on Rs. 399 Red plan will get 10GB of additional data a month for a year. Subscribers on Rs. 499 Vodafone Red plan will get additional free Red Protect access free.

Asus Zenfone Max Pro M1 Review

Asus ZenFone Max Pro M1 specifications

The dual-SIM (Nano) Asus ZenFone Max Pro M1 runs a pure version of Android 8.1 Oreo and features a 5.99-inch full-HD+ (1080x2160 pixels) IPS FullView display with an 18:9 aspect ratio. Under the hood, there is an octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 636 SoC,coupled with Adreno 509 GPU and up to 6GB of RAM. The dual rear camera setup on the ZenFone Max Pro M1 sports a 13-megapixel primary Omnivision sensor with an f/2.2 aperture and a 5-megapixel secondary sensor. On the front, there is an 8-megapixel sensor with an f/2.0 aperture, 85.5-degree wide-angle view, five-piece lens.

The ZenFone Max Pro M1 has 4G VoLTE, Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n, Bluetooth v4.2, GPS/ A-GPS, Micro-USB, and a 3.5mm headphone jack. Sensors on board include an ambient light sensor, accelerometer, proximity sensor, and a rear-facing fingerprint sensor. The smartphone packs a 5000mAh battery and weighs 180 grams.

We discussed whether Asus Zenfone Max Pro M1 is a Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro killer on Orbital, our weekly technology podcast, which you can subscribe to via Apple Podcasts or RSS, download the episode, or just hit the play button below.What do you do when you have a ten year old television that still works perfectly, and has absolutely zero resale value? Simple - you stare wistfully at that 32-inch full-HD screen, and try and remember a time when that felt really huge and high res. And wish that someone could just come secretly and short-circuit the television so you could get a reason for buying a new one. That's what I've been doing for the last one year anyway.

Televisions haven't really changed much over the years - 3D came and pretty much went without changing things, and although televisions got bigger, the price for even a 55-inch TV was pretty prohibitive. Smart TVs have also become more and more common over time, and once again, it's a feature that might be nice to have, but didn’t necessarily feel enough of a reason by itself to upgrade my television over.

I bought my TV in 2007, and the choice then boiled down to a 32-inch LCD or Plasma TV. LEDs were available at the time, but were significantly more expensive. Over the years LEDs became pretty much the standard, but I had already bought a full-HD TV, so there was little reason to switch without moving up a few screen sizes, and this was still too expensive.

But since then, things have slowly but surely changed. Manufacturers like Vu and Kodak started to bring 55-inch televisions down to affordable prices, with 4K resolutions. These were still pretty boxy, and the build quality in general often left things to be desired, but with aggressively competitive pricing, started to offer up a real alternative to the high priced offerings from brands like LG and Samsung.

The latest entrant to this space in India is Xiaomi, whose Mi TV 4 is a 55-inch 4K HDR 10 television that also looks very premium, and comes with smart TV features that allow you to control your TV set top box, and search for content on live TV.

That's a pretty solid feature set, and when compared to my 10-year-old 32-inch plasma TV, it doesn't even seem to be in the same category of products even though in 2005, the Panasonic cost around the same as the Mi TV 4 does today.

The catch is that the Panasonic is still a really good TV. Although plasma TVs can have problems with image burn, that never happened with this unit despite its long tenure, and although it takes a long time to switch on or off compared to modern TVs, the image quality was never in question. The contrast levels are great, and the refresh rate is also high enough that it's been great for watching TV and gaming both.

So does that mean I shouldn't buy a new TV? Obviously this is something everyone has to decide for themselves, but it does raise the question of when it's okay to update your gadgets even if you don't need to. A bigger TV isn't going to be a significantly better TV, and it represents a spend of around Rs. 40,000, so each of us has to consider whether that represents a value buy.

But beyond that, at what point in a gadget's life can you say that you've gotten enough value out of it, and it's time to upgrade with no qualms? Upgrading every year, like we do with phones, would obviously delight manufacturers, but televisions themselves haven't gone through the same kind of rapid change, and so it's not a reasonable notion.

For me, although I've gotten amazing value from the TV so far, it's still hard to justify an upgrade. For others, it'll be a much easier decision. In either case though, it does point to something interesting - how devices fall into two categories, let's call them appliances and gadgets. An appliance, like a fridge or a microwave, will stay in your home for a decade or more, but gadgets like laptops, phones, Bluetooth speakers, and so on, get upgraded far more regularly.

They're constantly evolving and getting new features that are significant enough an upgrade that within an year or three (depending on the category), you're due for a change, even though the prices of these products is oftentimes higher than that of the appliances that you stick with for much longer. For me, TVs still fall in the appliance category, even though I really want to replace mine.

Gaming in particular is one reason why a bigger TV is so appealing to me today. The baseline expectation for a television in the Xbox 360 era - which was when this television was purchased - was probably somewhere between 27-inches and 32-inches. Games from that console generation looked great on this television, especially when compared to the 29-inch CRT that I was using before this.

Then sometime around 2015, I moved on to the next console generation, and that's when it became clear that my TV had been left behind. Game developers clearly expect users to have bigger televisions than this one, because most text in games is now tiny and hard to read on my TV.

But that's not all. Thanks to the Xbox One X and the PS4 Pro, there's also the fact that game consoles now support features like 4K and HDR. However, even on non-4K TVs, there's a feature called supersampling which essentially renders the image at a higher resolution before sending it to the screen, that brings some improvements to image quality. And while HDR is cool, it's not really being used much, so do these by themselves make for a good reason to upgrade?

Not really, and that's the problem. There's nothing wrong with my TV, and when it's used for watching TV or movies, it works great. The only use case that really suffers today is gaming.

If your fridge is working perfectly, but doesn't have one cool feature like a water dispenser, or your washing machine has a 6kg load limit while you feel 8kg is perfect, would you be willing to junk it and buy a new one for the same price? Probably not. So why do the same for a television?LG G7 ThinQ and LG G7 ThinQ are the company's latest flagship smartphones launched at events in New York and Seoul earlier this week. We recently learnt that AT&T is not bringing the G7 ThinQ to the US, and it will instead launch an alternative - exclusive to the mobile carrier. With the latest set of revelations, it seems this phone could be the upcoming LG V35 ThinQ which is rumoured to launch around August 10. Additionally, a report suggests LG is reserving OLED displays for the V series and the V35 ThinQ might feature one.

AndroidHeadlines claims to have obtained exclusive design renders of the upcoming LG V35 ThinQ. This leak comes days after prolific tipster Evan Blass had revealed the smartphone's name and imminent launch in a tweet. As per the renders, the LG V35 will not sport a notch, but will get a display with an 18:9 aspect ratio. The back of the handset is expected to sport a horizontal dual rear camera setup. It is said to be available in Black and Grey colour variants.

The report also says that launch of the LG V35 ThinQ is expected sometime "this summer", with a launch around August 10. The phone might be an AT&T exclusive in the US, with an LG V40 ThinQ launch rumoured around fall this year.

Separately, AndroidHeadlines has also learnt that LG is planning to reserve OLED panels only on the V series and will retain the LCD panel for its G series of flagship smartphones, as last seen on the LG G7 ThinQ range. While OLED has been reserved for the more premium V series, the G7 ThinQ uses a new and improved LCD panel technology that is capable of producing brightness up to 1,000 nits. In fact, the report states, LG Display is fitting the same panels from its latest LCD TVs, for the G7 ThinQ.

As per previous rumours, the LG V35 ThinQ is expected to sport a 6-inch QHD+ OLED FullVision display with an 80-percent screen-to-body ratio, a dual rear camera setup with two 16-megapixel sensors, AI Camera, Google Lens, and 32-bit Hi-Fi Quad DAC. LG is expected to position the V35 ThinQ as a "super-smart device".Twitter urged its more than 330 million users to change their passwords after a glitch caused some to be stored in readable text on its internal computer system rather than disguised by a process known as "hashing".

The social network disclosed the issue in a blog post and series of Tweets on Thursday afternoon, saying it had resolved the problem and an internal investigation had found no indication passwords were stolen or misused by insiders. Still, it urged all users to consider changing their passwords.

"We fixed the bug and have no indication of a breach or misuse by anyone," Chief Executive Jack Dorsey said in a tweet. "As a precaution, consider changing your password on all services where you've used this password."

The blog did not say how many passwords were affected. A person familiar with the company's response said the number was "substantial" and that they were exposed for "several months."

The disclosure comes as lawmakers and regulators around the world scrutinise the way that companies store and secure consumer data, after a string of security incidents at Equifax, Facebook and Uber Technologies.

The European Union is due later this month to start enforcing a strict new privacy law, the General Data Protection Regulation, that includes steep fees for violators.

Twitter discovered the bug a few weeks ago and has reported it to some regulators, said the person, who was not authorised to discuss the matter publicly.

The US Federal Trade Commission, which investigates companies accused of deceptive practices related to data security, declined comment on the password glitch.

The agency settled with Twitter in 2010 over accusations the site had "serious lapses" in data security that let hackers access private user data on two occasions. The settlement called for audits of Twitter's data security program every other year for 10 years.

The glitch was related to Twitter's use of "hashing" and caused passwords to be written on an internal computer log before the scrambling process was completed, the blog said.

"We are very sorry this happened," the Twitter blog said.

Twitter's share price was down 1 percent in extended trade at $30.35 (roughly Rs.2,000 ), after gaining 0.4 percent during the session.

The company advised users to take precautions to ensure that their accounts are safe, including changing passwords and enabling Twitter's two-factor authentication service to help prevent accounts from being hijacked.

© Thomson Reuters 2018Ever wondered how to share a photo on WhatsApp in full resolution or to say in simple words, without losing quality? Well, if you have an Android smartphone, then there's a simple way to send photos in WhatsApp without compression. We'll show you how.iPhone X was the bestselling smartphone of Q1 2018, a Strategy Analytics report has claimed. Apple had a great outing in the quarter, with the iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus - smartphones that were launched alongside the iPhone X last September - coming in at second and third, respectively. The Cupertino company rounded off the top four with the iPhone 7, and the only Android smartphone in the top five is remarkably Xiaomi's entry-level smartphone - the Redmi 5A.

Strategy Analytics in its report says the iPhone X captured 5 percent of the global smartphone market in Q1 2018, with 16 million units shipped. Apple shipped 12.5 million iPhone 8 units, which had a 3.6 percent share of the market, followed by the iPhone 8 Plus' 8.3 million units, and 2.4 percent share. The iPhone 7 saw 5.6 million units shipped, a fall from its record 21.5 million units in Q1 2017.

"For the second quarter running, the iPhone X remains the world's most popular smartphone model overall, due to a blend of good design, sophisticated camera, extensive apps, and widespread retail presence for the device," said Juha Winter, Senior Analyst at Strategy Analytics. "Apple has now shifted almost 50 million iPhone X units worldwide since commercial launch in November 2017."

Q1 2018 Global Smartphone Shipments Market Share

Photo Credit: Strategy Analytics

Coming to the first Android contender in Strategy Analytics' Q1 2018 global smartphone shipments report, the Xiaomi Redmi 5A saw 5.4 million units shipped, marginally behind the iPhone 7. The entry-level smartphone was launched in China last October, and brought to India in November. As an introductory offer for the first 5 million units in India, the smartphone's base model (2GB RAM/ 16GB storage) had a Rs. 1,000 discount, bringing its price down to Rs. 4,999. It ended the introductory price offer in March.

"Xiaomi has become wildly popular across India and China," said Linda Sui, Director at Strategy Analytics. "Xiaomi is selling a huge volume of smartphones through online channels, with key retail partners including Flipkart and JD."

The Strategy Analytics report reveals only the top six models in terms of global smartphone shipments, saying they accounted for 1 in 7 of all smartphones shipped in the quarter. The Samsung Galaxy S9+ took the last spot in its list. The Samsung Galaxy S-Series flagship shipped 5.3 million units, just behind Xiaomi's budget offering, claiming 1.5 percent of the global smartphone market. However, not all is doom and gloom for Samsung's flagships, with the market research firm predicting the Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus would become the top-selling Android smartphone in Q2 2018.

Q1 2018 Global Smartphone Shipments Market Share

Photo Credit: Strategy Analytics

Woody Oh, Director at Strategy Analytics, said, "Samsung's new flagships, Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9+, only started shipping toward the end of the first quarter, but shipments are already off to a very good start. The S9 Plus delivers an attractive, bezel-less, curved-screen design, a rich portfolio of software apps, and best-in-class retail distribution across dozens of countries. We expect the Galaxy S9+ to become the best-selling Android smartphone globally in the second quarter of 2018."

Other manufacturers made up 84.6 percent of the 345.4 million market, shipping 292.3 units over the quarter. Global smartphone shipments fell year-on-year, from 353.8 million units the previous year.In Today's 360 Daily -



→ OnePlus 6 Full Specifications Listed Ahead of Launch - https://goo.gl/d8WhnP

→ LG G7 ThinQ Launched - https://goo.gl/1oMZpZ

→ Xiaomi Launches Mi Music, Mi Video Apps in India - https://goo.gl/4h4pnx

→ Samsung PRO Endurance MicroSD Cards Launched - https://goo.gl/HZEeev

→ 2018 iPhones to Be Bundled With USB-C Fast Charging Accessories - https://goo.gl/DrPbPp



For the latest in mobile reviews and everything tech, visit gadgets360.com .Flipkart has announced the arrival of its four-day mega sale starting May 13. The Flipkart Big Shopping Days sale will commence on May 13 and go on till May 16. It will offer lucrative discounts on smartphones, laptops, TVs, and even large appliances. The upcoming Flipkart sale promises to offer the lowest possible prices on smartphones, and will be conducting flash sales on select devices as well during the Big Shopping Days sale. The e-commerce brand expects to see six times more growth in sales during the four days in the mobiles and large appliances category.

Flipkart is also offering discounts on debit and credit card transactions, No Cost EMI on Bajaj Finserv Limited and credit card transactions, EMI on debit cards, Buy Back Guarantee, extended warranty on select products and more. There's also going to be a Games Corner this time, where consumers can play and win laptops and mobiles at just Re. 1, along with a chance to get 100 percent cashback on their Big Shopping Days purchase. As the tradition goes, there will also be a few smartphone launches during those days, where the purchase will be Flipkart exclusive with lucrative offers during the sale period.

There's also going to be up to 80 percent off on laptops, cameras, power banks, tablets and other electronic gadgets. TVs and appliances will be available at a discount of up to 70 percent, with some key models of TVs being sold through flash sales. To make the most of the offers during the sale, ensure that you register on Flipkart and fill in your address and payment details beforehand.

Separately, Flipkart is said to be in talks to sell a majority stake to either Walmart or Amazon very soon. Reportedly, Amazon.com has made a formal offer to buy 60 percent of Flipkart, potentially complicating Walmart's bid for majority ownership of the Indian online retailer. The news underscores how Amazon is focused on winning India's e-commerce market, and the offer could be a ploy to block Walmart from bringing its expertise in logistics and supply chain management to Flipkart.OnePlus 6 launch is just around the corner as the Chinese phone maker prepares to unveil the smartphone in London on May 16 and in India and China on May 17. But that hasn't stopped partners from 'accidentally' leaking specifications and design elements of the flagship smartphone. In the latest round, the OnePlus 6 has been spotted on HDFC Bank's SmartBuy Offers portal with the listing revealing nearly complete specifications and possible design renders. OnePlus 6 will replace the OnePlus 5T as the company's flagship, and will compete against the likes of Samsung Galaxy S9, iPhone 8, and other premium handsets.

In a listing page on HDFC Bank's offers website, the OnePlus 6 has been shown to sport a rather wider notch than previously confirmed by the company. In fact, the notch shown in the render is similar to the one seen on the iPhone X. The handset was shown as "out of stock" at press time.

In terms of specifications, the OnePlus 6 is said to sport a 5.7-inch Super AMOLED display, a Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 SoC, 8GB of RAM, and 128GB of inbuilt storage. Additionally, the GSM-based phone will run Android 8.0 Oreo and support two SIM cards.

Interestingly, the listing suggests that the OnePlus 6's display will have a resolution of 1800x3200 pixels giving it an aspect ratio of 16:9, which might be inaccurate considering the phone is expected to sport a display with at least 18:9 aspect ratio. As for camera specifications, the listing, notably, mentions a single 23-megapixel rear sensor (with dual LED flash) and a dual setup on the front with two 16-megapixel sensors.

Connectivity options include 4G VoLTE, Wi-Fi with hotspot, Bluetooth 5.0, USB Type-C, NFC, and GPS. Sensors onboard the OnePlus 6, as per the listing, include accelerometer, ambient light sensor, fingerprint sensor, gyroscope, and proximity sensor. There is expected to be a 3500mAh battery under the hood, with Dash Charge support.The anticipated Nokia X6 smartphone, which may be called the Nokia X, has been leaked yet again, this time in a video showing the front and back of the device. The phone's display also reveals the event details in Beijing, where the Nokia X is expected to be unveiled on May 16.

The Nokia X video has been posted on Weibo, and the framing unfortunately cuts out the notch but shows the vertical dual camera setup at the back. The device is donning a Black finish, with a fingerprint sensor beneath the camera sensors at the back. The volume rocker and the power button are housed on the right edge of the smartphone.

The Nokia X6 is expected to launch at an event in Beijing on May 16, going by the loose translation on the display. Design wise, Nokia is also taking inspiration from the iPhone X and bringing the notch display to the Nokia X6. Previous leaks show a thin chin at the bottom as well, housing the Nokia branding.

As per previous reports, the upcoming Nokia X6 is expected to run Android One-based Android 8.1 Oreo out-of-the-box. It will most likely sport a 5.8-inch full-HD+ (1080x2280 pixels) display with a 19:9 aspect ratio. In terms of internals, the smartphone might arrive with a Qualcomm Snapdragon 636 or a MediaTek Helio P60 SoC, coupled with 4GB/ 6GB RAM and 64GB/ 128GB inbuilt storage. On the back, the phone might get a12-megapixel Carl Zeiss lens.

As for the price, the Nokia X or Nokia X6 is rumoured to cost CNY 1,599 (roughly Rs. 16,800) for the 4GB RAM and 64GB storage variant, while the 6GB RAM, 128GB storage model could be priced at CNY 1,799 (roughly Rs. 19,000). There is no word on availability or pricing in international markets including India.With the release of Avengers: Infinity War, the Marvel cinematic universe will grow to 19 (nineteen!) movies in the last decade. That's insane. All together, they have grossed nearly $15 billion in tickets, which will go up another billion or two by the time Infinity War finishes its theatrical run. That said, the critical reception has varied widely, even between subsequent chapters.

Everyone has different picks for the best films from Marvel over the last ten years, and we've got our own picks. Here is our ranking of all Marvel films, ordered from worst to best:

18. Thor: The Dark World

The inventive climactic sequence idea and the scene-stealing Tom Hiddleston, who brought such spark to Loki just a year ago in The Avengers, couldn't save what was a perpetually muddy-grey yawnfest about Thor saving the universe, involving a soulless villain and the start of Thor's obsession with glowing rocks (Infinity Stones).

17. Avengers: Age of Ultron

A film so bad that the characters regressed rather than growing, primarily Tony Stark, who gave birth to two characters so dour - Ultron and Vision - that they put you to sleep immediately. It also took itself too seriously, which was surprising since it was made by The Avengers director Joss Whedon.

Avengers: Age of Ultron Is Everything You Wanted It to Be

16. The Incredible Hulk

Even Marvel knows the Hulk cannot sustain a standalone film, which is why he's been a supporting character ever since this monstrosity. Leaving behind the thoughtful approach of Ang Lee, the Hulk reboot satisfied itself with mindless action, and produced a forgettable entry.

15. Iron Man 2

The film was obnoxious from start to finish, with the characters turning into caricatures, and everyone seems to have their own arc reactor. Unbelievable that it was made by the same guy behind the original, Jon Favreau. It did bring Black Widow and War Machine into the fold, for what it's worth.

14. Thor

It's like the director Kenneth Branagh enjoyed bringing over his Shakespearean days to a superhero movie, making it awkwardly hilarious, and too foolish to understand that siloing Loki off in Asgard was the wrong move. The suspense of how the 'mighty' Thor would become worthy again of his hammer wasn't enough to carry it over an uninteresting female lead, Lord of the Rings costume knock-offs, and a villain with a hollowed-out face.

13. Captain America: The First Avenger

Chris Evans' head digitally fused with a teenager's body made it hilarious when Marvel was still going for earnest, and the rest of it harkened back to a previous era, being formulaic and corny. There was a simplicity in its viewpoint of good and evil as white and black with no shades of grey, but the film had none of the charm that drove Wonder Woman.

12. Ant-Man

Silly yet funny in small does, we didn't get the Ant-Man Edgar Wright would've made, with Peyton Reed focused too much on the antics of shrinking to deliver a bigger high. It didn't give Michael Douglas enough to do, and it was too blind to spot an opportunity for Evangeline Lilly's Wasp to make her mark.

Ant-Man Is Small, Funny, and Just What Marvel Needed

11. Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2

In trying to be a bigger version of its previous self, this sequel fell into standard Marvel trappings: over-stuffed, and busy setting up the third chapter. The only reason it ranks this high is because it delivered a powerful, emotional ending.

Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2: Too Much of a Good Thing

10. Iron Man 3

Turning the Mandarin into a puppet was one of the boldest things Marvel has allowed its creators to do, and it helped the film rise above Marvel's normally-useless villains. And it had two well-designed action set-pieces: the first involving the president's airplane, and the second with all the different Iron Man suits.

9. Captain America: Civil War

Though it's enjoyable during certain moments, especially when all its heroes are pitted against each other, and deserves praise that it stays coherent despite having so many characters, Civil War fails ultimately because it's lacking in gravitas.

Captain America: Civil War Is Disappointingly Cliched

8. Doctor Strange

Thanks to some highly inventive action sequences, especially a two-parter towards the end, and adding magic to the Marvel universe, the Benedict Cumberbatch-starrer felt very new, but was let down by its underdeveloped supporting characters.

Doctor Strange Is a Visually Dazzling Film That Adds Magic to the Marvel Universe

7. Guardians of the Galaxy

The fact the Guardians don't like each other powers the film's humour engine, and that they have to work together to save the world just makes it better. Bolstered by an awesome soundtrack and oddball characters (I am Groot), it was Marvel's first all-cosmic risk and it paid off.

Guardians of the Galaxy Proves That Marvel Is the Pixar of Superhero Movies

6. Captain America: The Winter Soldier

Cap going up against the Big Brother surveillance state, and in effect fighting the military industrial complex, was a worthwhile story engine for the film, plus it had some smartly directed action scenes. It also set the ball rolling for the plots of many future films in the MCU without feeling like it was in lockstep because of the franchise demands.

Captain America: The Winter Soldier review

5. Spider-Man: Homecoming

On the back of two terrible Spider-Man movies, the sixth Spider-Man film with a third actor in 15 years didn't sound like a good proposition. Marvel proved it knew what it was doing, giving us an exciting YA take on the web slinger, one that understood what the character was about.

Spider-Man: Homecoming Is Exuberant All the Way Through

4. Thor: Ragnarok

The first good Thor movie turned out to be one of the best things Marvel had ever done. The director, Taika Waititi, gave us the closest thing to a Marvel parody inside the Marvel universe, and hence made something unlike everything else, in both its tone and visuals.

Thor: Ragnarok Is a Joyous Romp That Makes Thor Fun

3. The Avengers

To bring everyone together after half a dozen movies, most of which were so-so, seemed like a crazy and stupid idea. That it worked was a marvel (sorry, excuse us) and a look at what only film universes could achieve and provide.

2. Iron Man

The movie that started it all, and it still holds its place despite everything Marvel has done in the decade since. That Stark has fun becoming Iron Man makes it a delight, and that it wasn't busy setting up other stuff down the line further helped its cause.

1. Black Panther

A rewrite of the superhero genre in several ways, which also had Marvel's best villain yet, and Michael B. Jordan portraying it made things that much better. Add all that to a nuanced plot, a powerful message, terrific soundtrack and a great showcase for Afrofuturism.

Black Panther Is the King of Marvel MoviesCompeting against Reliance Jio, Bharti Airtel has now updated its My Airtel app for Android and iOS devices with My Coupons. This new feature takes on My Vouchers that are available through Jio's My Jio app. Interestingly, the Gurugram-based telco has also partnered with Paytm to let users make payments on the My Airtel app using their Paytm Wallet. The app has additionally added UPI (Unified Payments Interface) to ease the payment process for users who prefer making transactions through a UPI-based service. The latest My Airtel app is available for download on Android devices via Google Play, while iOS users can get its newest version from Apple App Store.

Similar to My Vouchers on the MyJio app, My Coupons on the updated My Airtel app can be exclusively used for select transactions. As an introductory offer, Airtel is touting a 100 percent cashback on recharge values of Rs. 399 and Rs. 448. This cashback is only available for the first recharge of Rs. 399 or Rs. 448, and the amount will be returned by the operator in the form of multiple coupons - with each worth Rs. 50. Also, these Rs. 50 coupons can only be used for the Airtel prepaid number for which the initial recharge of Rs. 399 or Rs. 448 proceeded. This means that the coupons offered will not be used for recharging any other mobile number.

Alongside the availability of My Coupons, the My Airtel app has integrated Paytm Wallet. This integration allows to make payments directly using a Paytm Wallet account. Airtel is also offering a 10 percent cashback (up to Rs. 30) that will be credited in three working days from the date of transaction. Moreover, users have been provided with a UPI payment option.

In December, Reliance Jio released an updated MyJio app for iOS devices with a Paytm Wallet integration. That update also brought JioMoney payments option to help users pay their postpaid bills or recharge their prepaid accounts using an existing wallet account.Flipkart has announced the arrival of its four-day mega sale starting May 13. The Flipkart Big Shopping Days sale will commence on May 13 and go on till May 16. It will offer lucrative discounts on smartphones, laptops, TVs, and even large appliances. The upcoming Flipkart sale promises to offer the lowest possible prices on smartphones, and will be conducting flash sales on select devices as well during the Big Shopping Days sale. The e-commerce brand expects to see six times more growth in sales during the four days in the mobiles and large appliances category.

Flipkart is also offering discounts on debit and credit card transactions, No Cost EMI on Bajaj Finserv Limited and credit card transactions, EMI on debit cards, Buy Back Guarantee, extended warranty on select products and more. There's also going to be a Games Corner this time, where consumers can play and win laptops and mobiles at just Re. 1, along with a chance to get 100 percent cashback on their Big Shopping Days purchase. As the tradition goes, there will also be a few smartphone launches during those days, where the purchase will be Flipkart exclusive with lucrative offers during the sale period.

There's also going to be up to 80 percent off on laptops, cameras, power banks, tablets and other electronic gadgets. TVs and appliances will be available at a discount of up to 70 percent, with some key models of TVs being sold through flash sales. To make the most of the offers during the sale, ensure that you register on Flipkart and fill in your address and payment details beforehand.

Separately, Flipkart is said to be in talks to sell a majority stake to either Walmart or Amazon very soon. Reportedly, Amazon.com has made a formal offer to buy 60 percent of Flipkart, potentially complicating Walmart's bid for majority ownership of the Indian online retailer. The news underscores how Amazon is focused on winning India's e-commerce market, and the offer could be a ploy to block Walmart from bringing its expertise in logistics and supply chain management to Flipkart.D-Link has announced the availability of its latest Mini HD Wi-Fi Camera in India. The D-Link DCS-P6000LH is a compact and affordable surveillance camera that comes equipped with mydlink Cloud. The company says that the Mini HD Wi-Fi Camera DCS-P6000LH is meant for homes as well as offices. It is priced at Rs. 2,995 in the country and is currently available through D-Link network of distribution, reseller, retail outlets, and the company's website.

As mentioned, the D-Link Mini HD Wi-Fi camera features mydlink cloud recording with 24 hours of free recording. It comes with automated backup for video recordings on cloud server. Also, buyers can avail the cloud subscription and play back recordings from the cloud or download video clips to smartphone anytime. Additionally, live views of cameras using the mydlink mobile app can be accessed in real-time. Users can also set automated schedules via smartphones.

In terms of specifications, the D-Link DCS-P6000LH comes with inbuilt IR LED that provides 5 metres of night vision and automatic push alert notifications. The Mini HD Wi-Fi Camera captures videos in HD (1280x720 pixels) and comes with a 120-degree wide-angle lens capable of 4x zoom.

The D-Link Mini HD Wi-Fi Camera is quite sleek in terms of design. The company says the height is "equivalent to that of a deck of playing cards, this camera's miniature style makes it the perfect shelf or counter-top Wi-Fi camera." It is 4-inches tall. For connectivity, the camera has Bluetooth 4.0, Wi-Fi 802.11 g/n, and is accessible on iOS devices, Android handsets, and Windows phones via the mydlink Lite app. Notably, the sound and motion sensors trigger push notifications on associated smartphones.

Sanket Kulkarni, VP, Channel Sales, D-Link said, "Priced at below 3k this is a definite home security solution with easy set-up. This is the smallest camera from D-Link range of home cameras. The new Mini HD camera is extremely sleek, features great design and can be placed discreetly, anywhere in the house."रिलायंस जियो और एयरटेल की आक्रामक रणनीति के जवाब में अब वोडाफोन ने अपने प्रीपेड ग्राहकों के लिए 349 रुपये का नया पैक लॉन्च किया है। Vodafone के इस प्रीपेड पैक से रीचार्ज करवाने वाले यूज़र को हर दिन इस्तेमाल के लिए 3 जीबी डेटा मिलेगा। गौर करने वाली बात है कि कुछ दिन पहले भी इस टेलीकॉम कंपनी ने 569 रुपये का रीचार्ज पैक उतारा था। इसमें भी ग्राहकों को हर दिन इस्तेमाल के लिए 3 जीबी डेटा दिया जाता है। हालांकि, दोनों प्लान में मुख्य अंतर वैधता का है। 569 रुपये वाले वोडाफोन प्लान की वैलिडिटी 84 दिनों की है, जबकि लेटेस्ट 349 रुपये वाला प्लान 28 दिनों की वैधता के साथ आता है।349 रुपये वाले प्लान के तहत Vodafone के ग्राहकों को अनलिमिटेड वॉयस कॉल की सुविधा मिलेगी। इसमें लोकल, एसटीडी और रोमिंग कॉल शामिल हैं। हर दिन 100 एसएमएस भी मुफ्त होगा। इन सबके अलावा यूज़र हर दिन 3 जीबी 3जी/ 4जी डेटा पाएंगे। देखा जाए तो नया प्लान कंपनी के पुराने 348 रुपये वाले प्रीपेड पैक का नया अवतार है। अब इस प्लान में कंपनी की ओर से हर दिन 500 एमबी ज़्यादा डेटा दिया जा रहा है। इससे पहले Vodafone अपने सब्सक्राइबर को 348 रुपये में हर दिन इस्तेमाल करने के लिए 2.5 जीबी डेटा देती थी। इस रीचार्ज प्लान में भी अनलिमिटेड वॉयस कॉल की सुविधा मिलती है। इसकी वैधता 28 दिनों की है।Vodafone के 349 रुपये वाले प्रीपेड प्लान को Reliance Jio और Airtel के उन प्लान से चुनौती मिलेगी जिनमें हर दिन इस्तेमाल के लिए 3 जीबी डेटा उपलब्ध होता है। एयरटेल अपने 349 रुपये वाले प्लान में यूज़र को हर दिन इस्तेमाल के लिए 3 जीबी डेटा देती है। इसके अलावा अनलिमिटेड कॉल की सुविधा है। हर दिन 100 एसएमएस मुफ्त होते हैं। इस प्लान की वैधता 28 दनों की है।हालांकि, Reliance Jio यही सुविधाएं मात्र 299 रुपये में देती है। 299 रुपये वाले प्लान में जियो अपने ग्राहकों को हर दिन इस्तेमाल के लिए 3 जीबी 4जी डेटा देती है। इसकी वैधता 28 दिनों की है। Jio का प्लान हर दिन 100 मुफ्त एसएमएस के साथ आता है। अनलिमिटेड वॉयस कॉल की सुविधा तो है ही।इन सबके अलावा जियोम्यूजिक, जियोमूवीज़, जियोटीवी और अन्य जियो ऐप का सब्सक्रिप्शन तो मिलता ही है।याद रहे कि वोडाफोन ने हाल ही में 569 रुपये का रीचार्ज पैक पेश किया था। इस प्लान में ग्राहकों को 84 दिन के लिए हर दिन 3 जीबी डेटा मिलता है। इसके साथ वोडाफोन ने नया 511 रुपये वाला रीचार्ज पैक भी उतारा था। इसमें ग्राहकों को 84 दिनों तक हर दिन इस्तेमाल के लिए 2 जीबी डेटा मिलता है।Sony has expanded its smart LED TV range in India by launching the Bravia X9000F 4K HDR Android TV series. The Bravia X9000F series features 4K HDR panels and supports Dolby Vision technology to deliver a premium TV watching experience. It includes three different models - the 55-inch Bravia X9000F KD-55X9000F is already available for purchase through all Sony Center and electronic stores across the country with a price tag of Rs. 2,39,900. However, the 65-inch KD-65X9000F model and the 85-inch KD-85X9000F are yet to arrive. The company hasn't revealed the prices of the upcoming Bravia X9000F models.

All the Sony Bravia X9000F series models feature a TRILUMINOS Display that is touted to produce accurate reds, greens, and blues. There is also Sony's X-tended Dynamic Range PRO that uplifts HDR and non-HDR content by adjusting the backlight levels precisely for each zone of the screen. The proprietary technology is rated to deliver six times the XDR contrast of conventional LED TV. Further, the LED TV range has X-Motion Clarity that addresses the issue of showing motion blur in fast-moving scenes. Sony says that its X-Motion Clarity leverages the built-in direct LED local dimming and backlight boosting algorithm on the Bravia X9000F range to control the luminance and optimise its duration. This eventually helps to offer clear and smooth visuals.

Under the hood, the Bravia X9000F series is powered by Sony's 4K X-Reality PRO image engine. The processor works with Sony's algorithm of reality creation database to produce detailing visuals. The TV models run Android TV version 7.0 with the company's own interface on top. The availability of Android TV brings Google Play access, and a future software update will bring Smart Home Ready to enable communication with other smart devices via Artificial Intelligence (AI). Also, there is Chromecast built-in that enables streaming of content directly from a compatible smartphone or tablet. There is dedicated direct access buttons for Netflix and Google Play to let users instantly access the Web-based content - with a press of a button. Plus, there is Google Assistant to let users search on the Web using their voice commands.

Sony has provided Dolby Vision support on the Bravia K9000F series as well as HDR compatibility, HDR 10 support, and Hybrid Log-Gamma. Moreover, the TV models come with an inverted V-shape Bravia stand that has a square structure with metallic bars that come into contact with the underlying surface at individual points.

In terms of connectivity, the Sony Bravia X9000F series has Wi-Fi 802.11ac, Bluetooth v4.1, four HDMI ports, two USB ports, and an Ethernet. The TV models have 16GB of onboard storage and features such as Cinematic S-Force Front Surround, ClearAudio+, DSEE, and DTS Digital Surround.It hasn't been a fortnight since Apple released iOS 11.3.1 to fix the touch functionality of some iPhone 8 units with aftermarket displays that had become unresponsive after installing iOS 11.3. And now, Apple is in the headlines for an issue that is said to be affecting the iPhone 7 series. The issue, which has reportedly been acknowledged by the iPhone maker, affects the microphone of a limited number of iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus models running iOS 11.3 or later during voice calls. It appears to be an uncommon problem, noticed by a few users worldwide. However, the Tim Cook-led company is said to be all set to provide a warranty exception through Apple Authorised Service Providers for the affected units that are no longer covered under warranty.

According to a leaked document that has been circulated to Apple Authorised Service Providers, as spotted by MacRumors, Apple has asserted that users using the affected iPhone 7 units may experience a greyed-out speaker button during phone calls. The issue is said to mute the built-in microphone to prevent users from being heard during phone calls or FaceTime video calls.

Apple has reportedly directed service providers to run audio diagnostics on the affected devices. It has also instructed service providers to ask users to manually disconnect or power off any audio accessories connected to their iPhone to replicate the problem. Furthermore, if the diagnostic screen shows that the affected device "could not detect dock" or "accessory not supported" alert, the service providers have been instructed to initiate the repairing process. Alongside providing free of charge service to devices that are covered under warranty, the service providers can request for a warranty exception for the devices that are not under warranty but are impacted from the microphone issue. But notably, the company didn't specify in the leaked documents whether the repairs will be entirely free of charge for the out-of-warranty iPhone 7 units.

A few complaints about the microphone issue have emerged on the Web. Nevertheless, the problem doesn't seem to have impacted all iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus users. We weren't able to notice its existence on our iPhone 7 unit. That said, Apple hasn't clarified the cause of the microphone issue. Considering the reported document, the company is not in favour of fixing the issue through a software update and has instead instructed its service providers to repair the affected devices.

We've reached out to Apple for clarity on the issue and will update this space accordingly. Meanwhile, if you're among the users who own the affected iPhone 7 units, you should visit your nearby Apple authorised service centre to fix your device.Total War Saga: Thrones of Britannia is the latest in the long-running Total War series of strategy games. Previous entries were set in feudal Japan, the Roman Republic, and even using developer Creative Assembly’s mix of turn-based and real-time strategy flair in established universes like Warhammer. Set in 878AD, the world of Total War Saga: Thrones of Britannia is one of an uneasy peace. You’ll control one of ten factions belonging the game’s five cultures — Anglo-Saxons, Gaelic clans, Welsh tribes, Great Viking Army, and Viking Sea Kings — and you’ll be challenged with re-writing the future of Britain.

As epic as it sounds, most of the action takes place on a highly detailed map of the area rather than immediate, boots on the ground fare. You’ll raise armies, forge treaties, ensure your vassals are in check, and do whatever is needed to maintain your reign. Each turn has you taking these decisions with an adviser notifying you of possible problem spots, such as a paucity of food, or a brewing rebellion. While Total War veterans will be right at home with Total War Saga: Thrones of Britannia’s depth, which lets you manage every aspect from recruiting new soldiers to deciding if your loyal nobles should divorce their significant others in order to keep the peace, newbies will likely feel overwhelmed with the number of systems at play.

Whether you're monitoring the loyalty and influence of your underlings and keeping them in check to prevent an uprising, or maintaining War Fervour — a state in which your populace gets itchy feet for your armies to wage war, allowing for significant bonuses - there’s a lot to take in. Most of it is explained well enough, but if you’re expecting a significant amount of handholding and tutorialising like most new games, think again.

Rather, Total War Saga: Thrones of Britannia teaches you the ropes by putting you in dangerous situations. You’ll learn the drawbacks of stationing your armies to close to your capital when your allies turn on you and mount a coup in neighbouring provinces — namely, the time taken for your forces to reach these areas, usually several turns, allowing your newly minted foes to consolidate their position.

Each faction has unique traits too. In our playthrough as the Anglo-Saxon kingdom of West Seaxe under King Alfred, we made generous use of Fyrd — a system that allowed us to recruit more soldiers based on the settlements we had. Because of this, however, keeping public order was impossible with citizens outraging over excessive conscription.

Nonetheless, the game had us coming back for more thanks to Dilemmas. These are scenarios force you to make decisions that could wildly alter your game. From choosing to pay off a Viking horde tearing through your settlements instead of facing them head on, to dealing with vengeful subjects by stripping them of their estate or ending them outright, these questions kept us playing to see what new political drama Total War Saga: Thrones of Britannia would throw at us next. Every turn and decision felt more immediate than in past entries due to the game’s razor-sharp focus on historical moments, instead of an entire era.

It helps that you don’t need the latest and greatest to play Total War Saga: Thrones of Britannia either. The game ran well on our gaming rig sporting an Intel Core i5 3470 processor, 16GB of RAM, and an Nvidia GeForce GTX 1070 and was playable Dell Inspiron 13-inch laptop with integrated Intel 620 graphics after tweaking a few settings. With most of the action taking place on a map littered with text boxes, this should come as no surprise. But with the trend of PC games having demanding specifications, it’s nice to know that Total War Saga: Thrones of Britannia scales quite well.

All in all, Total War Saga: Thrones of Britannia is solid entry in the franchise. It’s not exactly the most accessible for newcomers but once you come to grips with its depth and scale, you’re treated to solid sessions of political intrigue, backstabbing, and drama galore.

Pros:

Each faction plays differently

Dilemmas keep each turn fresh

Scales well even on older hardware

Cons:

Not the most accessible for newcomers

Rating (out of 10): 8

Gadgets 360 played a review copy of Total War Saga: Thrones of Britannia on a PC. The game is available via Steam at Rs. 1,339 .

If you're a fan of video games, check out Transition, Gadgets 360's gaming podcast. You can listen to it via Apple Podcasts or RSS, or just listen to this week's episode by hitting the play button below.Gboard - the Google Keyboard app has received an update on the Android beta channel that brings the Make a GIF option, which had launched for iOS back in January this year. The Make a GIF feature lets users capture up to 3-second-long videos, complete with a few preset filters you can to add on top. The resultant GIF images can later be reused elsewhere - wherever GIFs via Gboard are supported, such as WhatsApp or Allo.

The Make a GIF feature is available in Gboard for Android v7.2.4.195258971 beta, and this can be downloaded by becoming a part of the Gboard beta testing programme on Google Play or via APK Mirror, from where you'll have to sideload the app. Android Police reports that not all Gboard for Android v7.2.4.195258971 users are seeing the feature, and it may be available on select devices. We were able to use it on a OnePlus 5 running Android 8.1 Oreo.

Gboard's new Make a GIF feature

To use the Make a GIF feature, tap on the G or Emoji symbol, and then tap on the GIFs tab. Here, you will see the new My GIFs tab, and there a Make a GIF button is visible. Once you tap it, you'll have to give Gboard permission to use the smartphone's camera to record photos and video, and then it will open up a camera interface with a few filter presets you can add. We hope that the list of presets increase with time, as it's just a small number now. You can choose to send the GIF in whichever messaging app you were in, or, you could tap the download button to save without sharing. It's also here, in the My GIFs tab that the GIF images you've made and sent with Gboard in the past will appear.

Gboard's new Sticker gallery

Alongside, the Gboard for Android v7.2.4.195258971 beta brings a new Sticker gallery, accessed via the + symbol in the Stickers tab. This gallery interface looks very similar to what Google offers on Allo. Android Police speculates that this may be a way Google continues to use the stickers it had offered in Allo, with development for the messaging app now on hold. A wider rollout of the Sticker gallery and Make a GIF feature can be expected in the coming weeks.A Permanent Account Number or PAN card is an important document in India. You’ll need it to file income tax returns, to make payments above Rs. 50,000, and even to open a bank account. A PAN card is a valid proof of identity in India and it can be issued to citizens of India (including minors), non-resident Indians (NRIs), and even foreign citizens. The procedure for application varies for these categories of people but if you are an Indian citizen and wondering how you can apply for PAN card online, we will give an answer in this guide.

These steps are for individuals only, and not for other categories under which a PAN card can be issued, such as an association of persons, body of individuals, company, trust, limited liability partnership, firm, government, Hindu undivided family, artificial juridical person, or local authority.

Documents required to apply for a PAN card online

Indian citizens need three types of documents to apply for a PAN card. These are an identity proof, an age proof, and a proof of date of birth.

Identity proof documents (one of): Elector's photo identity card

Ration card having photograph of the applicant

Passport

Driving licence

Arm's license

Aadhaar card issued by the Unique Identification Authority of India

Photo identity card issued by the Central Government or State Government or a Public Sector Undertaking

Pensioner Card having photograph of the applicant

Central Government Health Scheme Card or Ex-servicemen Contributory Heath Scheme photo card

Certificate of identity in original signed by a Member of Parliament or Member of Legislative Assembly or Municipal Councillor or a Gazetted Officer, as the case may be

Bank certificate in original on letter head from the branch (along with name and stamp of the issuing officer) containing duly attested photograph and bank account number of the applicant Address proof document (one of) copy of the following documents of not more than three months old electricity bill landline telephone or broadband connection bill water bill consumer gas connection card or book or piped gas bill

bank account statement

depository account statement

credit card statement

copy of post office pass book having address of the applicant

passport

passport of the spouse

voter ID card

latest property tax assessment order

driving licence

domicile certificate issued by the Government

Aadhaar card issued by the UIDAI

allotment letter of accommodation issued by the Central Government or State Government of not more than three years old

property registration document

certificate of address signed by a Member of Parliament or Member of Legislative Assembly or Municipal Councillor or a Gazetted Officer

employer’s certificate in original Proof of date of birth (one of): birth certificate issued by the Municipal Authority or any office authorised to issue Birth and Death Certificate by the Registrar of Birth and Deaths or the Indian Consulate as defined in clause (d) of sub section (1) of section 2 of the Citizenship Act, 1955 (57 of 1955)

pension payment order

marriage certificate issued by Registrar of Marriages

matriculation certificate

passport

driving licence

domicile certificate issued by the Government

affidavit sworn before a magistrate stating the date of birth

If you are looking to get a PAN card for any category other than individual, the full list of valid documents for a PAN card is on the Income tax department’s website.

How much does it cost to apply for a PAN card online

For Indian citizens, applying for a new PAN card costs Rs. 116 (plus online payment charges or around Rs. 5). The fee is Rs. 1,020 for foreign citizens (with around Rs. 5 as online payment charges).

How to apply for PAN Card online

Follow these steps to apply for a PAN card online in India:

You can apply for a PAN card online either via NSDL or UTITSL websites. Both have been authorised to issue PAN cards in India. For this tutorial, we will show you how to apply for a PAN card via the NSDL website. On the page linked in the previous step, you will see a form titled Online PAN application. Under Application Type select New PAN - Indian Citizen (Form 49A). If you’re a foreign national, select New PAN - Foreign Citizen (Form 49AA). Select the category of PAN card you need. For most people, this will be Individual. Now fill in your personal details such as name, date of birth, mobile number, etc., enter the captcha code and click Submit. Now you have three choices — authenticate via Aadhaar to avoid sending any documents, scan documents and upload them via e-sign, or to physically submit documents.



We chose to authenticate via Aadhaar as all it needs is an OTP and payment. If you don’t want that option, the steps for the other two are similar except the part where you have to send documents. Enter all details such as Aadhaar number (optional) as requested on screen, and click Next. This step requires you to fill in your name, date of birth, address, etc. Do that, and click Next. Now you will hit the banana skin that’s the AO code (Assessing Officer code). This looks complicated but is actually quite simple. Just select one of the four choices at the top — Indian Citizens, NRI and Foreign Citizens, Defence Employees, or Government Category. Then under Choose AO Code, select your state and area of residence. Wait for a few seconds and you will see a full list of AO codes in the box below. Carefully scroll and look for the category that applies best to you. There are different categories for companies, non-salaried people, government servants, private sector employees, etc. If you don’t know which category you fall under, contact a chartered accountant to find out. Click on the correct AO code and it’ll be auto-filled in the form above. Click Next. Select the documents you have submitted as proof of age and residence from the drop-down menu, fill in required details, and then click Submit.



Now you will be redirected to the payment page and you can choose one of many common online payment methods. The fee for PAN card applications for Indian citizens is Rs. 115.90 inclusive of all taxes. A small fee is added to this as online payment charges so the total works out to around Rs. 120. Once you have paid, you will be asked to authenticate via Aadhaar OTP, or submit documents via e-sign, or to physically send the documents to NSDL. You will also receive an email acknowledgement from NSDL about your application and your PAN card will be couriered to you once the application has been processed. Keep the acknowledgement number handy, we recommend that you either save it somewhere safe or print it.

For more tutorials, visit our How To section.Asus, a company better known for PC components than smartphones, has just caused quite a ripple in the market by launching the brand new ZenFone Max Pro M1 (Review) in direct competition with the Redmi Note 5 Pro (Review). However, unlike Xiaomi which has had a few years to build its reputation in India, Asus is starting from a relatively blank slate in the smartphone space. We now know all about the device's specifications and performance, having spent enough time with it to review it in depth. We also know that Asus has partnered with Flipkart for ZenFone Max Pro M1 sales and logistics, and that the two companies are targeting a huge chunk of the Indian market.

What we didn't know until just before the launch is that this device is the result of a pretty massive shakeup inside the company; an effort that began over six months ago. Will the low price of the new ZenFone Max Pro M1 be enough to delight customers, and will the high-profile partnership with Flipkart help the company leap to the top of the Indian marketshare charts? Gadgets 360 met up with Asus CEO, Jerry Shen; COO, Jerry Tsao; India Regional Head, Leon Yu; and Mobile Product Division Director, Dinesh Sharma on the eve of the device's launch, to ask them these questions and more.

ZenFone Max Pro M1 is made for India

When we last heard from the company at MWC 2018, CEO Jerry Shen had spoken to Gadgets 360 under a non-disclosure agreement about the top-end ZenFone 5z and ZenFone 5 (First Impressions), as well as the mid-range ZenFone 5 Lite and ZenFone Max M1, which we now know will not be launched in India. Why the change, we asked, and at what point did Asus decide to develop products like the ZenFone Max Pro M1 exclusively for India?

"When we try to develop products, the most important thing in my mind is that the experience is everything," says Shen. "Once we have a really good experience, we can talk about the price, the efficiency, and everything else. We know the people here like very premium specifications. They say 'Oh, this is the processor', and they check every detail of everything. So we wanted to provide a really good processor."

"The camera is also a key part of the experience," he continues about the ZenFone Max Pro M1. "And then it has to look premium. We think that premium products can be affordable, and at affordable prices it is not necessary to be ugly. We tried to create this product for the user here."

Dinesh Sharma, who spearheaded the effort in India, adds: "India is one of our key focus markets, and to make big gains we wanted to obviously develop products which indian consumers want. To gain insights about Indian consumers, we conducted research at various levels covering 1000+ customers."

"Once we had this on the table, we got great collaboration and support from Jerry [Shen], Jerry Tsao, and the entire HQ team in terms of creating the products which would be right for the India market and bringing them in at the right prices," he continues. "You've now experienced the ZenFone Max Pro M1 and you've got a very good idea about how it compares with other products in its segment."

Sharma says Asus wants to achieve "double-digit market share" as soon as possible. "We are starting with the ZenFone Max Pro M1, and then we will bring in other products," he adds. "We don't share our internal sales numbers, but we do have a very aggressive target."

What other products, we ask? Which other price points will Asus apply its new strategy to? All that Jerry Shen would say is "We will try to cover buyers in all price segments".

Sharma is a little bit more forthcoming, "We should say Rs. 5,000 to Rs. 50,000," he explains. "Basically, this is about 85 percent of the market. You will see us across segments, and each model will try to be the hero in that segment. The bulk of the market is actually sitting between Rs. 5,000 and Rs. 20,000, and that's critical because it will give us the mass and market share."

Asus CEO Jerry Shen at the ZenFone Max Pro M1 India launch event

The challenges of bringing the ZenFone Max Pro M1 to market

Asus knows that it is going to cause a huge stir in the market. We asked CEO Jerry Shen what kind of demand he is expecting, and how he has prepared for it. "I cannot tell you the number, but we think the demand will be very strong, and so we have prepared for that," he says. "From materials to manufacturing, we have prepared a lot."

That sounds good, but Indian customers are growing tired or flash sales and products that are never in stock. Shen says there will be no flash sales. "We try our best to provide enough," he says. "We know the strategies and policies of our competitors, but we do business sincerely with the consumers here."

"The intent is not to create artificial scarcity," says Sharma. "It's exactly the opposite, in fact. The more we deliver, and since we believe that the product is actually very good, the better it is for us as a brand. If the demand is indeed very good, we would like to service it to the best extent possible and not create an artificial scarcity with the marketing objective of that leading to more word-of-mouth."

According to Shen, Flipkart had a role to play in deciding what the ZenFone Max Pro M1 would turn out to be. "On the product side, Flipkart has very deep product and marketing insight," he says. "We discussed with Flipkart what real customers want, so we could adjust and fine-tune it."

Asus ZenFone Max Pro M1 Review

We asked Shen for specific examples of how Flipkart influenced the choices that were made regarding this phone's specifications and features. "They give us the price ranges and tell us which products are leading," he explains. "Different price ranges have different priorities, so if we want to target different price points, we know the priorities from Flipkart's insight."

Things don't end for a buyer after his or her phone is delivered. There's still the question of customer support and service. We asked the Asus management team whether it's happy with its after-sales network. Leon Yu, India Regional Head, took that question.

"Currently, we have more than 200 service centres, we have free carry-in service, and for remote areas we have free pickup-and-drop service," he says, while Sharma adds that Asus service centres provide "invoice-free service."

"In our case, if the product has been activated, we calculate whether it's within the warranty period, and you actually get invoice-free service at our service centres," he says.

(L-R) Asus COO, Jerry Tsao; CEO, Jerry Shen; India Regional Head, Leon Yu; and Mobile Product Division Director, Dinesh Sharma

Why the ZenFone Max Pro M1 isn't made in India (yet)

One thing we noticed about our ZenFone Max Pro M1 review unit is that it wasn't made in India. Other manufacturers are racing to take advantage of the governments tax breaks to companies that set up local manufacturing facilities, so we were curious about Asus' strategy. Jerry Tsao, COO, answers that question.

"From a manufacturing standpoint, generally we work with our partners," he says. "Today, we do have partners in India, and from an operations standpoint we'll continue working with them to see how to deliver so that they can manufacture in India, but our number one goal today is to try to deliver the best product for India."

In other words, it's about getting the product to market in time, and while factories in China are the better choice right now, factories in India will take over when they can.

The ZenFone Max Pro M1 will be getting a lot of attention because of its class-leading processor and a big battery, but one of its most important features, and a big departure for Asus, is the use of stock Android rather than ZenUI. We've seen how proud the company is of every little customisation and tweak in ZenUI, as well as its in-house apps. We asked Jerry Shen about the reasoning behind this, and how difficult it was to accept this change.

"It's always been a debate inside the product development team," he says. "I think the world is almost divided into two. Some countries really like stock Android; some countries think ZenUI is better. We want to hear these two voices and provide both."

Sharma steps in to offer more details.

"India is like countries within countries, and in our consumer research it really came out that this segment of customers prefers stock Android, so we wanted to give it a good try and see the results," he says. "It doesn't mean that we're not going to be focusing on ZenUI; it's going to have equal or much more focus for other segments. And ZenUI has also been made far snappier, version 5.0 has very few preinstalled applications and the UI is much cleaner. In any case, from an experience perspective we're going in the same direction - it's faster, and meant for quick updates."

"If it succeeds, we will continue with it," Sharma explains. "We're not saying it's a one-off. It's been done with a belief that it will succeed."

Is Asus ZenFone Max Pro M1 a Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro killer? We discuss that on Orbital, our weekly technology podcast, which you can subscribe to via Apple Podcasts or RSS, download the episode, or just hit the play button below.The board of Flipkart Online Services has approved an agreement to sell about 75 percent of the company to a Walmart-led group for approximately $15 billion (roughly Rs. 1 lakh crores), according to people familiar with the matter, an enormous bet by the American retailer on international expansion.

Under the proposed deal, SoftBank Group Corp. will sell all of the 20-plus percent stake it holds in Flipkart through an investment fund at a valuation of roughly $20 billion (roughly Rs. 1.33 lakh crores) , said the people, asking not to be named because the matter is private. Google-parent Alphabet is likely to participate in the investment with Walmart, said one of the people. A final close is expected within 10 days, though terms could still change and a deal isn't certain, they said.

That would seal a Walmart triumph over Amazon.com, which has been trying to take control of Flipkart with a competing offer. Flipkart's board ultimately decided a deal with Walmart is more likely to win regulatory approval because Amazon is the No. 2 e-commerce operator in India behind Flipkart and its primary competitor. Amazon is out of the running unless Walmart hits unforeseen trouble.

If completed, the deal will give Bentonville, Arkansas-based Walmart a leading position in the growing market of 1.3 billion people and a chance to rebuild its reputation online. The world's largest retailer has struggled against Amazon as consumers increase their spending on the Internet. India is the next big potential prize after the US and China, where foreign retailers have made little progress against Alibaba Group Holding.

SoftBank declined to comment. Flipkart, Walmart and Google didn't immediately respond to requests for comment.

Amazon has already been aggressively expanding in the country on its own. Founder Jeff Bezos has committed $5.5 billion (roughly Rs. 36,800 crores) to the country and his local chief, Amit Agarwal, has made progress by adapting the site to local conditions.

After Losing China, Jeff Bezos Really Wants to Win in India

Amazon has been gaining ground quickly on Flipkart and it tried to derail the Walmart transaction at least in part because it will fortify the Indian rival. Walmart can aid Flipkart with deep pockets and decades of retailing expertise in skills from logistics to marketing. The US retailer has been working to win over the Indian company since at least last year.

Last month, Walmart agreed to cede control of its UK grocery chain, Asda, as part of a global strategy to prioritise faster-growing markets over some more mature ones. Walmart is merging Asda with the British retailer J Sainsbury and will retain a 42 percent stake in the combined company.

As part of the Walmart deal, Flipkart's existing shareholders Tencent Holdings, South Africa's Naspers and Microsoft Corp. are expected to retain small stakes, the people said.

A $20 billion valuation for Flipkart would be substantially higher than the $12 billion mark it hit last year. It is already the most valuable startup in India.

SoftBank stands to make a tidy profit on a stake it took only last year. The Japanese company, through its Vision Fund, invested $2.5 billion (roughly Rs. 16,700 crores) at the earlier valuation, people familiar said at the time. That stake could be worth more than $4 billion (roughly Rs. 26,800 crores) at the Walmart deal's valuation.

© 2018 Bloomberg LPLG this week unveiled the LG G7 ThinQ, and it got attention for all the wrong reasons. The phone boasts a 6.1-inch edge-to-edge screen. But as with many recent smartphones, it drew criticism from tech journalists for having a notch at the top of a screen. The notch is a dark cutout in the top of the screen that houses the front-facing camera, speaker for phone calls and other important sensors.

The G7 is the latest phone to follow the design "trend," which embodies the compromise that companies make between aesthetics and function.

Apple's iPhone X was the first mainstream phone to grab attention for its notch - and often not in a complimentary way. (Apple wasn't the first to introduce the notch; that distinction goes to Essential, the smartphone start-up founded by former Android head Andy Rubin.) The notch on the iPhone X was seen as a design compromise to make the screen larger. Many did not mince words, calling it "odd," "bad" and downright "ugly." There's even an 99-cent app on Apple's App Store called "Notch Remover," which will put a black bar across the top of the phone to mask that buck-toothed gap.

LG G7 ThinQ: 7 New Features That You Should Know About

Yet since the iPhone X made its market debut, several companies have followed suit on the notch front including Huawei, OnePlus, Asus, and now LG.

LG G7 ThinQ's display notch

LG's head of product planning Shintae Hong told Engadget that the company surveyed 1,000 people about the design, and decided on its design after only 30 percent of people said they didn't like the notch. Crucially, however, it didn't say how many people actually liked it.

The company did not immediately respond to a request for comment.

The main argument for notches comes down to simple real estate. Tech reviewers and consumers have long-complained about bezels, the dark frames many phones, televisions and even wearables have around screens. A notch gives smartphone companies an answer. Moving the time or battery indicator up to the top edge gives people that little bit of extra space for a slightly bigger Netflix or YouTube window. In other words, notches offer a way to increase screen size without making phones too large, compromising on features like a good selfie camera or having to pay to increase the size of a screen.

LG G7 ThinQ Price Revealed

In other words, aesthetics can't drive everything, said Ramon Llamas, mobile analyst at research firm International Data Corporation. "Overall, the research I have says that people want a bigger display, but they don't want a bigger phone."

In the end, the question of whether "to notch or not to notch" isn't one that manufacturers should obsess over, Llamas said. Despite the complaints about the notch on the iPhone X, it's still become Apple's best-selling iPhone thanks to features that balance that small aesthetic compromise. And if Apple's rivals are looking to the notch for cachet, he said, that's really the wrong thing to be focusing on.

"The question should be how to innovate further. If [a notch is] your answer, you might want to look at some of your other ideas," Llamas said.

© The Washington Post 2018OnePlus 6 launch is coming up on May 16 at an event planned in London, followed by events in China and India the next day. The company recently confirmed that a custom OnePlus 6 x Marvel Avengers Limited Edition will also be announced in India on May 17. With just a few days to go for the official unveiling, OnePlus has gone ahead and teased what is seemingly the retail box of this limited edition handset. Marvel's Avengers: Infinity War recently released in India on April 27. The OnePlus 6 price in India is said to start at Rs. 36,999 for the base 64GB variant.

As per a teaser on the OnePlus Weibo account, a snapshot of the OnePlus 6 x Marvel Avengers Limited Edition's retail box has been outed. The retail box shows an official logo of the Avengers on top, with OnePlus 6 and Marvel branding on the sides. Apart from that, there is no other information about the smartphone or bundled accessories. Recently, in yet another teaser, OnePlus had hinted that this limited edition variant will sport a textured back. Previously, OnePlus unveiled a Star Wars variant of the OnePlus 5T with custom branding and slight design changes.

OnePlus 6 rumoured specifications

As per rumours and confirmations, the OnePlus 6 will sport a 19:9 display with a notch on top. It will be powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 SoC, coupled with up to 8GB of RAM and up to 256GB of inbuilt storage. There is said to be a vertical dual rear camera setup, a rear-mounted fingerprint sensor, and wireless charging support (considering glass back confirmed) on the handset. A 3.5mm headphone jack has also been confirmed, apart from a display notch.

In terms of software, the OnePlus 6 might run OxygenOS on top of Android 8.1 Oreo out-of-the-box. An Android P update can be expected in the future. While exact battery capacity hasn't yet been revealed, the phone will most definitely have support for its proprietary Dash Charge feature, and the confirmation of a glass back indicates it will also support wireless charging.Redmi S2 is all set to be Xiaomi's upcoming budget smartphone as the Chinese phone maker has confirmed the phone's launch date. A teaser posted on Weibo by Xiaomi confirms the launch of the Redmi S2 smartphone on May 10, which will be the first model in the company's new Redmi S series. The teaser also shows the Redmi S2 rear panel, which looks quite similar to that of Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro and the Mi 6X. Also, it seems the handset will be exclusively available via Suning.com in China; the handset is also rumoured to be headed to India, though it is not yet clear when it will hit our shores.

This update was revealed by Xiaomi in a post on Weibo. Previously, Xiaomi had posted another teaser that showed off the letter 'S' in red and blue paint. Further, the Redmi S2 was also spotted with high-resolution product shots at the opening of a Mi Store in Czech Republic.

Additionally, the Redmi S2 has been spotted on certification website TENAA once again. The new listings show two variants of the handset, with model numbers M1803E6T and M1803E6C and identical hardware. As per the listing, the smartphone will run Android 8.1 Oreo-based software and feature a 5.99-inch HD+ (720x1440 pixel) display and octa-core processor. It also shows the handset will come in 2GB, 3GB and 4GB RAM variants, and have 16GB, 32GB and 64GB storage options, all with support for up to 256GB microSD cards.

There will be a dual rear camera setup in vertical alignment featuring a 12-megapixel primary sensor and 5-megapixel secondary sensor, as well as a 16-megapixel selfie camera. Sensor onboard include gravity sensor, distance sensor, light sensor, and fingerprint recognition. It is said to come in black, rose gold, gold, white, blue, red, pink, grey, and silver colour options. Powering the handset - which will have dimensions of 160.73×77.26×8.1mm and weigh 170 grams - will be a 3000mAh battery.

Prior to this too the Redmi S2 has been spotted on TENAA, as well as certification website 3C that hinted at an impending launch in the country. While China will witness the unveiling next week, an India launch is also in the pipeline if rumours are to be believed.A refresh of the two-year old Smartron t.book is finally here. The Smartron tbook flex is a hybrid computing device priced starting at Rs. 42,990. The 2-in-1 notebook has a detachable keyboard letting you use the Smartron tbook flex as a tablet as well. The notebook will be sold on Flipkart exclusively starting from May 13 midnight.

Design wise, the tbook flex has an aluminium and magnesium body and comes in Orange/ Grey and Black/ Grey colour options. The latest tbook includes a fingerprint scanner, stylus support, and a 'flixstand' with a step-less hinge design and the ability to flex up to 150 degrees. It also comes with a backlit keyboard with Bluetooth connectivity that allows you to type from a short distance even in low light environments. The tbook flex will be available at Rs. 42,990 and Rs. 52,990 for the Core m3 and Core i5 version respectively.

Coming to the specifications, the tbook flex packs in a 12.2-inch WQXGA (2560x1600 pixels) IPS multi-touch display (with stylus support), which maintains an aspect ratio of 16:10, and comes coated with a fingerprint-resistant oleophobic layer. It is powered by the seventh-generation Intel Core m3-7Y30 processor, and there's another variant which is powered by the seventh-generation Intel Core i5-7Y54 processor as well. It packs 4GB of LPDDR3 RAM, integrated Intel HD Graphics 615, and offers 128GB SSD storage that's expandable via SD card. On the photography front, there's a 5-megapixel rear-facing autofocus camera, and 2-megapixel front-facing shooter.

Other features of the Smartron tbook flex include two full-size USB 3.0 ports, one USB Type-C Thunderbolt 3 port for charging with USB 3.0, a 3.5mm headphone jack, a microSD card slot, and magnetic pogo pin for external keyboard support. It also supports Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac (dual-band 2.4GHz and 5GHz), Wi-Fi Direct, and Bluetooth 4.0. On the software end, the Smartron tbook flex runs Windows 10 and on board sensors include Hall and Accelerometer.

The Smartron tbook flex packs a 40Whr Lithium-ion Polymer battery, and weighs 950 grams, (1375 grams including keyboard). The device in tablet form measures at 307.5 x 202.8 x 9.0 mm.1 Asus Zenfone Max Pro M1 The Asus Zenfone Max Pro M1 has a 5.99-inch 2160x1080 screen.

2 Asus Zenfone Max Pro M1 The Asus Zenfone Max Pro M1 has a 5000mAh battery and Qualcomm Snapdragon 636 SoC.

3 Asus Zenfone Max Pro M1 The Asus Zenfone Max Pro M1 has a Micro-USB port and a 3.5mm audio socket, as well as a single speaker on the bottom.

4 Asus Zenfone Max Pro M1 The Asus Zenfone Max Pro M1 has a 13-megapixel rear camera with a 5-megapixel depth sensor.

5 Asus Zenfone Max Pro M1 The Asus Zenfone Max Pro M1 has an 8-megapixel front camera with its own flash.

6 Asus Zenfone Max Pro M1 The Asus Zenfone Max Pro M1 is 8.61mm thick and weighs 180g.

7 Asus Zenfone Max Pro M1 The Asus Zenfone Max Pro M1 comes with an accessory called the Max Box which is a stand plus passive amplifier.

8 Asus Zenfone Max Pro M1 The Asus Zenfone Max Pro M1 has two Nano-SIM slots plus a dedicated microSD slot and one SIM can use 4G at a time.

9 Asus Zenfone Max Pro M1 The Asus Zenfone Max Pro M1 runs stock Android 8.1 and the company intends to support Android P and Q.The most frequent complaint for Marvel's biggest movies has been a lack of stakes. For all the hell unleashed by Loki (Tom Hiddleston) and his Chitauri army in The Avengers, Ultron and his army of robot clones in Age of Ultron, or the Avengers’ internal dispute that was at the centre of Captain America: Civil War, our heroes have more or less come out unharmed at the other end. Characters who seemingly died have been brought back in the same film, be it Nick Fury in The Winter Soldier, Groot in Guardians of the Galaxy, or Loki in Thor: The Dark World. The trouble with all that is when audiences know the characters are being kept away from any serious consequences, there’s no real gravitas in the danger posed by the villains.

Anthony and Joe Russo, the directing duo of Avengers: Infinity War – in addition to Civil War and The Winter Soldier previously – know this better than anyone. And because this new mega team-up is the beginning of the end for the current generation of Marvel superheroes, and because the film has dozens of characters, it can do away with some and still have plenty to go around. That helps generate stakes and makes Infinity War different from any other Marvel film. Moreover, the film clearly establishes early on, that Thanos (Josh Brolin) is extraordinary powerful, and his four minions – his adoptive children like Gamora (Zoe Saldana) and Nebula (Karen Gillan) were – are quite capable on their own. That ensures the villains are taken seriously, and that there's a heft to them.

At the same time, it’s amazing that the film, written by Christopher Markus and Stephen McFeely – they also penned The Winter Soldier and Civil War – has a handle on every character and makes sure their idiosyncrasies, mannerisms, and behaviours get a glimpse, which provides a lot of humour within its otherwise heavy self-serious narrative. It’s fun to see Peter Quill's (Chris Pratt) insecurity rub up against Thor’s (Chris Hemsworth) hyper-masculinity, the collision of egos between Tony Stark (Robert Downey Jr.) and Doctor Strange (Benedict Cumberbatch), Cap's (Chris Evans) inability to understand humour, or even the clash between Bruce Banner and Hulk (Mark Ruffalo).

In addition to the delight of seeing various characters who've never met each other rub off on one another, talk shop, and exchange banter, it's also staggering to see how much Marvel's universe has grown when it's all brought together on a single canvas. The directors and the writers deserve praise for not making Infinity War feel rushed, as it has plenty of quiet meaningful moments for its characters, especially for Vision (Paul Bettany) and Scarlet Witch (Elizabeth Olsen), Quill and Gamora, and Stark. This isn’t true for most of the others, such as Cap and Black Panther (Chadwick Boseman), but that Infinity War can craft some genuine heart-breaking moments in such a massive get-together is a marvel.

Avengers: Infinity War begins where Thor: Ragnarok’s post-credits stinger left off, with Thanos’ ship intercepting the Asgardians. Infinity War uses Thanos as its viewpoint, as he goes after the Infinity Stones one by one. His goal is to collect all six, with which he could then wipe out half the universe with a snap of his fingers. Earth is important because two of the powerful, glowing ingots are here. One’s in the care and protection of Doctor Strange, while the other is embedded in Vision’s forehead, essentially keeping him alive. As they try to stop him, the film divides up the heroes: Thor ends up with the Guardians momentarily; Iron Man, Strange, and Spider-Man end up together; and the rest secure Vision in Wakanda.

Spider-Man, Iron Man, Drax, Star-Lord and Mantis in Avengers: Infinity War

Photo Credit: Marvel/Disney

Everyone, except Ant-Man and Hawkeye, is involved into the universe-spanning conflict. To not let the scale overpower it, Infinity War is smart about a few things. Early on, by anchoring the camera on the same height as our human heroes, it lets us feel the impact and power of things. Again and again, it forces the character emotionally closest to the character-at-risk to make a crucial decision, which deepens and rewards the audience’s investment. And it presents a twisted and half-compelling argument of Thanos’ solution to overpopulation in the Universe, egged on by what he saw on his home planet, Titan. That he’s revealed to be a more layered villain than what’s been presented in the post-credits scenes is a surprise, and his CGI-driven looks have been toned down, which also helps matters.

Better yet, Infinity War can fuse that with a constant sprinkling of levity, letting the goofier characters mesh alongside the more straightforward ones, though its villains never get that treatment as Rian Johnson did with Star Wars: The Last Jedi. Like it, Infinity War goes to some dark places, but then pushes further: there are no punching-the-air moments in the film’s final third. Most films on this scale get to be dark for a while, and then end in a climactic battle where heroes win the day. But since Infinity War will be followed by Avengers 4, it can essentially go to much darker places. The heroes are never on the winning side when it comes to Thanos.

It’s also why the Infinity War can deliver such a gut punch of an end. At the premiere in India, it left the theatre entirely silent during the credits. But the end is also deliberately unfinished, because despite what the directors say, the film feels like the first half of a two-parter. The true impact of Infinity War will only be felt once Avengers 4 rolls around, and to what extent it reverses the events that unfold in the final moments of this film. Given how important some heroes are financially to Disney-Marvel, how far it goes, and a throwaway hint to a solution, it seems likely that much of it won’t be permanent.

Thanos in Avengers: Infinity War

Photo Credit: Marvel/Disney

But moment to moment, Infinity War is an exhilarating and shocking ride. When you've so many characters, you also have so many powers and abilities to deal with. Infinity War has a few action set-pieces that involve everyone chipping in with their ideas, especially a showdown with Thanos on his home planet. Those provide the cool comic-book moments fans are eager for, in addition to multiple surprise entrances that garnered the biggest roars at the premiere screening. The action does become a tad generic elsewhere, and there are some problems with visual effects (blue screen work, to be precise) which can be distracting and noticeable especially in IMAX.

And while every character gets a heroic moment, they don’t have equal screen time. It’s not hard to imagine more prominence for Black Panther if Marvel knew about its record-breaking success beforehand. Those are minor concerns in what is otherwise a competent and enjoyable chapter, which remarkably checks most boxes: it's sombre and thoughtful at times, has plenty of laughs and epic moments, and neatly brings together its large ensemble while telling a cohesive story. Best of all, it has what Marvel seemed scared of for a decade: stakes. What follows in 2019 can hopefully live up to that.

Avengers: Infinity War is out April 27 in India and around the world. There’s one post-credits scene, stay in your seat till the end.Amid controversies around data abuse through its social network, Facebook has now added expanded its app's use cases by enabling an option for mobile recharges in India. The new option is initially available within the latest Facebook app for Android devices. However, users with an iPhone need to wait for sometime to get a similar experience. The latest development emerges days after Facebook-owned WhatsApp started letting users make peer-to-peer (P2P) payments in the country and counters apps such as Paytm, FreeCharge, and MobiKwik that all offer mobile recharge solutions. You need to visit Google Play to download the latest Facebook app to get the new mobile recharge option.

To access the new option, go to the hamburger icon that sits next to the notifications icon and then tap the Mobile Recharge option. On some versions, the option is available titled Mobile Top-Up. If it's not available on the general screen, you can check the availability of the recharge option by tapping the See More option.

Once you've accessed the mobile recharge option, the Facebook app will show you a welcome screen that will specify all the credit and debit cards that you've already added to your Facebook account if you ever purchased any ads in the past. Now, you'll just need to tap Recharge Now button from the welcome screen and then you'll be asked to enter your mobile phone details. The app automatically selects the operator of the entered number most of the times. But if it's not selecting by its own, you can choose your operator manually by tapping the Select Operator dropdown list. After that, you need to enter a recharge amount. It is worth noting here that the app also has a feature to provide you with all the available packs for your mobile number. You just need to tap Browse Plans button that is available next to amount textbox to view packs for your number.

After selecting a particular pack or entering a recharge amount, the Facebook app takes you to the Order Details page from where you can select any of the previously added credit or debit card or add a new one by selecting the Credit or Debit Card option. Now, there is a Place Order button that you need to press to proceed with the recharge process. The app will ask for an OTP or 3D secure password to accomplish the recharge. Lastly, the app will send you a confirmation receipt after it completes the recharge process.

It is worth noting here that the Facebook app is currently accepting payments for mobile recharges only through credit and debit cards. This means you won't be able to recharge your account using net banking, UPI, or any other payments methods. The app also doesn't allow you to integrate any of your mobile wallets. This certainly makes sense as Facebook is apparently aiming to take on existing mobile wallets by adding new payment features to its platform.LG G7 ThinQ and LG G7+ ThinQ, the South Korean giant's latest flagship offerings, were launched at simultaneous events in New York and Seoul earlier this week. While availability and pricing details weren't revealed at launch, the company did announce that the range would initially arrive in South Korea followed by availability in other major markets for LG - including those in Asia, North America, Europe, and Latin America. In the latest set of revelations, the LG G7 ThinQ price details have been revealed in the UK and Netherlands. Additionally, AT&T will reportedly not bring the flagship to the US.

As per a blog post by UK mobile retailer Clove, the unlocked version of the LG G7 ThinQ will be priced in the UK at GBP 649 (roughly Rs. 58,800) including VAT and GBP 540.83 (roughly Rs. 49,000) excluding VAT. The phone will be made available in Aurora Black, Platinum Grey, and Moroccan Blue colour variants, in the 4GB/ 64GB inbuilt storage option. First stock is due in "end of May".

Separately, the phone has also been spotted on Netherlands-based mobile carrier Belsimpel's portal with delivery expected in the next four weeks. Here, the G7 ThinQ bears a price tag of EUR 849 (roughly Rs. 67,900) and is the unlocked variant with a two-year warranty. The listing provides a 31-day money back guarantee for users.

Lastly, US mobile carrier AT&T has reportedly said that it has no plans to bring the LG G7 ThinQ to the country and will instead "launch a new LG device this summer only from AT&T." As per a report by The Verge, this new handset will be exclusive to AT&T in the US. Alternatively, pre-orders for LG's latest flagship will commence on Verizon from May 24, US Cellular will start selling it from June 1, and Sprint pre-orders will begin from May 25. T-Mobile is said to bring the smartphone on its network later this spring.

As for specifications, the LG G7 ThinQ sports a 6.1-inch QHD+ (1440x3120 pixels) Super Bright display with a 19.5:9 aspect ratio. The phone is powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 SoC, paired with 4GB of RAM on the LG G7 ThinQ and 6GB of RAM on the LG G7+ ThinQ. There is 64GB of inbuilt storage on the former, and 128GB on the latter.

In terms of optics, the G7 ThinQ bears a dual rear camera setup with two 16-megapixel sensors, and an 8-megapixel wide-angle front camera. There is a 3000mAh battery under the hood.iPhone X was the bestselling smartphone of Q1 2018, a Strategy Analytics report has claimed. Apple had a great outing in the quarter, with the iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus - smartphones that were launched alongside the iPhone X last September - coming in at second and third, respectively. The Cupertino company rounded off the top four with the iPhone 7, and the only Android smartphone in the top five is remarkably Xiaomi's entry-level smartphone - the Redmi 5A.

Strategy Analytics in its report says the iPhone X captured 5 percent of the global smartphone market in Q1 2018, with 16 million units shipped. Apple shipped 12.5 million iPhone 8 units, which had a 3.6 percent share of the market, followed by the iPhone 8 Plus' 8.3 million units, and 2.4 percent share. The iPhone 7 saw 5.6 million units shipped, a fall from its record 21.5 million units in Q1 2017.

"For the second quarter running, the iPhone X remains the world's most popular smartphone model overall, due to a blend of good design, sophisticated camera, extensive apps, and widespread retail presence for the device," said Juha Winter, Senior Analyst at Strategy Analytics. "Apple has now shifted almost 50 million iPhone X units worldwide since commercial launch in November 2017."

Q1 2018 Global Smartphone Shipments Market Share

Photo Credit: Strategy Analytics

Coming to the first Android contender in Strategy Analytics' Q1 2018 global smartphone shipments report, the Xiaomi Redmi 5A saw 5.4 million units shipped, marginally behind the iPhone 7. The entry-level smartphone was launched in China last October, and brought to India in November. As an introductory offer for the first 5 million units in India, the smartphone's base model (2GB RAM/ 16GB storage) had a Rs. 1,000 discount, bringing its price down to Rs. 4,999. It ended the introductory price offer in March.

"Xiaomi has become wildly popular across India and China," said Linda Sui, Director at Strategy Analytics. "Xiaomi is selling a huge volume of smartphones through online channels, with key retail partners including Flipkart and JD."

The Strategy Analytics report reveals only the top six models in terms of global smartphone shipments, saying they accounted for 1 in 7 of all smartphones shipped in the quarter. The Samsung Galaxy S9+ took the last spot in its list. The Samsung Galaxy S-Series flagship shipped 5.3 million units, just behind Xiaomi's budget offering, claiming 1.5 percent of the global smartphone market. However, not all is doom and gloom for Samsung's flagships, with the market research firm predicting the Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus would become the top-selling Android smartphone in Q2 2018.

Q1 2018 Global Smartphone Shipments Market Share

Photo Credit: Strategy Analytics

Woody Oh, Director at Strategy Analytics, said, "Samsung's new flagships, Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9+, only started shipping toward the end of the first quarter, but shipments are already off to a very good start. The S9 Plus delivers an attractive, bezel-less, curved-screen design, a rich portfolio of software apps, and best-in-class retail distribution across dozens of countries. We expect the Galaxy S9+ to become the best-selling Android smartphone globally in the second quarter of 2018."

Other manufacturers made up 84.6 percent of the 345.4 million market, shipping 292.3 units over the quarter. Global smartphone shipments fell year-on-year, from 353.8 million units the previous year.MobiKwik and Ola announced a partnership. This deal will enable MobiKwik users to book Ola cabs and autos across 110 cities in India from within the MobiKwik app. With this partnership, MobiKwik users will have access to Ola's multi-modal commuting offerings, from pocket-friendly options such as Ola Auto, Micro, and Mini to premium categories such as Ola Prime, Ola Prime Play, Ola Prime SUV, and Ola Lux.

It also aims to provide a more seamless experience as customers can directly book an Ola ride through their MobiKwik app and pay up through the MobiKwik wallet, without having to shuffle between apps. Further, as a part of the launch offer, MobiKwik is offering Rs. 50 SuperCash on the first five rides.Ola cabs is available only for the Android users, on the latest version of the MobiKwik app.

Alternatively, MobiKwik users can use 10 percent SuperCash to get discount upto Rs. 100 on every ride. Also, MobiKwik, will be offering a chance to earn 100 percent cashback for booking rides through their wallets between 4pm and 7pm and between 8 am and 10 am, to 1,000 users daily.

"We believe that cab booking is a promising category for digital payments. Over the past few months, we have received feedback from our customers requesting for a smart mobility enabler on our app. We have enabled a rich interface for ride bookings with Ola on our platform and are confident that this will be one of our top performing categories in the times to come. We are committed to make digital transactions simple and streamlined. Ola is a key partner in this endeavour," said Daman Soni, vice president - marketing and growth, MobiKwik.

"Strategic partnerships play a significant role in enriching customer experience. Integration of services empowers the customer, making their lives simpler and convenient. Through this partnership, MobiKwik users will be able to book a ride of their choice using a single app. We are confident that MobiKwik users will be delighted with the in-app Ola booking experience," said Saurabh Mishra, head - alliances at Ola.Camera maker GoPro on Friday launched its GoPro Fusion action camera in India. With a premium price tag of Rs. 60,000, the camera will be available across GoPro's retail partner channels in the country, including select Croma stores and other photo specialist stores. Key highlights of the GoPro Fusion include the ability to shoot 360-degree footage at a resolution of 5.2K and frame rate of 30 frames per second. It is available in a Black colour variant.

Notably, the GoPro Fusion (Review) was launched in the US back in April last year at a price of $699 (roughly Rs. 46,700). The action cam, ever since launch, has been available to ship directly to India at a shipping cost of $80 (roughly Rs. 5,300).

GoPro Fusion specifications

The GoPro Fusion features a total of 18 megapixels using two CMOS sensors, one on each side. It is compatible with microSD, microSDHC, and microSDXC cards, and has a 16:9 display. Accessories in the box include a carrying case, Fusion Grip, and a USB cable.

The GoPro Fusion requires two high-performance microSD cards (not bundled) to operate. The action cam comes with 360-degree audio thanks to multiple microphones, water resistance up to 5 metres, voice commands, GPS, Bluetooth, Wi-Fi, a USB Type-C port, and fast charging support.

Additionally, GoPro also announced the availability of the new Mobile OverCapture feature on both the Android and iOS counterparts of the GoPro mobile app. "When paired with the GoPro App, Fusion becomes an end-to-end solution going from capture to edit and share with ease. The GoPro App enables users to control the Fusion camera, live preview shots, and stitch, trim and share content right from their devices. The OverCapture feature allows users to re-frame and save traditional fixed-perspective videos "punched out" from the large 360-degree video," said the company in a press statement.Sony has expanded its smart LED TV range in India by launching the Bravia X9000F 4K HDR Android TV series. The Bravia X9000F series features 4K HDR panels and supports Dolby Vision technology to deliver a premium TV watching experience. It includes three different models - the 55-inch Bravia X9000F KD-55X9000F is already available for purchase through all Sony Center and electronic stores across the country with a price tag of Rs. 2,39,900. However, the 65-inch KD-65X9000F model and the 85-inch KD-85X9000F are yet to arrive. The company hasn't revealed the prices of the upcoming Bravia X9000F models.

All the Sony Bravia X9000F series models feature a TRILUMINOS Display that is touted to produce accurate reds, greens, and blues. There is also Sony's X-tended Dynamic Range PRO that uplifts HDR and non-HDR content by adjusting the backlight levels precisely for each zone of the screen. The proprietary technology is rated to deliver six times the XDR contrast of conventional LED TV. Further, the LED TV range has X-Motion Clarity that addresses the issue of showing motion blur in fast-moving scenes. Sony says that its X-Motion Clarity leverages the built-in direct LED local dimming and backlight boosting algorithm on the Bravia X9000F range to control the luminance and optimise its duration. This eventually helps to offer clear and smooth visuals.

Under the hood, the Bravia X9000F series is powered by Sony's 4K X-Reality PRO image engine. The processor works with Sony's algorithm of reality creation database to produce detailing visuals. The TV models run Android TV version 7.0 with the company's own interface on top. The availability of Android TV brings Google Play access, and a future software update will bring Smart Home Ready to enable communication with other smart devices via Artificial Intelligence (AI). Also, there is Chromecast built-in that enables streaming of content directly from a compatible smartphone or tablet. There is dedicated direct access buttons for Netflix and Google Play to let users instantly access the Web-based content - with a press of a button. Plus, there is Google Assistant to let users search on the Web using their voice commands.

Sony has provided Dolby Vision support on the Bravia K9000F series as well as HDR compatibility, HDR 10 support, and Hybrid Log-Gamma. Moreover, the TV models come with an inverted V-shape Bravia stand that has a square structure with metallic bars that come into contact with the underlying surface at individual points.

In terms of connectivity, the Sony Bravia X9000F series has Wi-Fi 802.11ac, Bluetooth v4.1, four HDMI ports, two USB ports, and an Ethernet. The TV models have 16GB of onboard storage and features such as Cinematic S-Force Front Surround, ClearAudio+, DSEE, and DTS Digital Surround.OnePlus 6 launch is coming up on May 16 at an event planned in London, followed by events in China and India the next day. The company recently confirmed that a custom OnePlus 6 x Marvel Avengers Limited Edition will also be announced in India on May 17. With just a few days to go for the official unveiling, OnePlus has gone ahead and teased what is seemingly the retail box of this limited edition handset. Marvel's Avengers: Infinity War recently released in India on April 27. The OnePlus 6 price in India is said to start at Rs. 36,999 for the base 64GB variant.

As per a teaser on the OnePlus Weibo account, a snapshot of the OnePlus 6 x Marvel Avengers Limited Edition's retail box has been outed. The retail box shows an official logo of the Avengers on top, with OnePlus 6 and Marvel branding on the sides. Apart from that, there is no other information about the smartphone or bundled accessories. Recently, in yet another teaser, OnePlus had hinted that this limited edition variant will sport a textured back. Previously, OnePlus unveiled a Star Wars variant of the OnePlus 5T with custom branding and slight design changes.

OnePlus 6 rumoured specifications

As per rumours and confirmations, the OnePlus 6 will sport a 19:9 display with a notch on top. It will be powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 SoC, coupled with up to 8GB of RAM and up to 256GB of inbuilt storage. There is said to be a vertical dual rear camera setup, a rear-mounted fingerprint sensor, and wireless charging support (considering glass back confirmed) on the handset. A 3.5mm headphone jack has also been confirmed, apart from a display notch.

In terms of software, the OnePlus 6 might run OxygenOS on top of Android 8.1 Oreo out-of-the-box. An Android P update can be expected in the future. While exact battery capacity hasn't yet been revealed, the phone will most definitely have support for its proprietary Dash Charge feature, and the confirmation of a glass back indicates it will also support wireless charging.Competing against Reliance Jio, Bharti Airtel has now updated its My Airtel app for Android and iOS devices with My Coupons. This new feature takes on My Vouchers that are available through Jio's My Jio app. Interestingly, the Gurugram-based telco has also partnered with Paytm to let users make payments on the My Airtel app using their Paytm Wallet. The app has additionally added UPI (Unified Payments Interface) to ease the payment process for users who prefer making transactions through a UPI-based service. The latest My Airtel app is available for download on Android devices via Google Play, while iOS users can get its newest version from Apple App Store.

Similar to My Vouchers on the MyJio app, My Coupons on the updated My Airtel app can be exclusively used for select transactions. As an introductory offer, Airtel is touting a 100 percent cashback on recharge values of Rs. 399 and Rs. 448. This cashback is only available for the first recharge of Rs. 399 or Rs. 448, and the amount will be returned by the operator in the form of multiple coupons - with each worth Rs. 50. Also, these Rs. 50 coupons can only be used for the Airtel prepaid number for which the initial recharge of Rs. 399 or Rs. 448 proceeded. This means that the coupons offered will not be used for recharging any other mobile number.

Alongside the availability of My Coupons, the My Airtel app has integrated Paytm Wallet. This integration allows to make payments directly using a Paytm Wallet account. Airtel is also offering a 10 percent cashback (up to Rs. 30) that will be credited in three working days from the date of transaction. Moreover, users have been provided with a UPI payment option.

In December, Reliance Jio released an updated MyJio app for iOS devices with a Paytm Wallet integration. That update also brought JioMoney payments option to help users pay their postpaid bills or recharge their prepaid accounts using an existing wallet account.Moto Z3 Play has been subjected to several leaks for quite some time now, and the smartphone's design is similar to most handsets in Motorola's Z-series that come with Moto Mods support. Last week, a press render showcasing the design of the anticipated smartphone had emerged online. However, a new leak has revealed alleged images of a fully built Moto Z3 Play. As per the new images, the handset looks similar to that of the render.

Shared by ITHome, the leaked images of an alleged Moto Z3 Play unit showcase a raised portion at the back suggesting a dual rear camera setup on the handset. It also features pogo pins that are used to accommodate the Moto Mods. Interestingly, the fingerprint scanner appears to be missing from both the front and the back. It indicates that the sensor could be positioned at the side, around the power button. This feature was revealed in a previous leak as well.

One of the images in the leak shows the Motorola's model number is XT1929. A smartphone with the same model number was spotted in an earlier leak as well. Additionally, the new images also reveal that the smartphone will come with Android 8.1.0 out-of-the-box along with the May security patch. Also, the report reveals that the smartphone is expected to be launched in June this year.

Coming to other specifications, the report reconfirms most of the details of the Moto Z3 Play that were already revealed in previous leaks. The smartphone is expected to be equipped with a 6-inch full-HD+ (1080x2160 pixels) display. It is expected to be powered by a Snapdragon 636 processor, coupled with either 4GB of RAM and 32GB of inbuilt storage, or 6GB of RAM and 64GB of inbuilt storage. It could be fuelled by a 3000mAh battery.Flipkart has announced the arrival of its four-day mega sale starting May 13. The Flipkart Big Shopping Days sale will commence on May 13 and go on till May 16. It will offer lucrative discounts on smartphones, laptops, TVs, and even large appliances. The upcoming Flipkart sale promises to offer the lowest possible prices on smartphones, and will be conducting flash sales on select devices as well during the Big Shopping Days sale. The e-commerce brand expects to see six times more growth in sales during the four days in the mobiles and large appliances category.

Flipkart is also offering discounts on debit and credit card transactions, No Cost EMI on Bajaj Finserv Limited and credit card transactions, EMI on debit cards, Buy Back Guarantee, extended warranty on select products and more. There's also going to be a Games Corner this time, where consumers can play and win laptops and mobiles at just Re. 1, along with a chance to get 100 percent cashback on their Big Shopping Days purchase. As the tradition goes, there will also be a few smartphone launches during those days, where the purchase will be Flipkart exclusive with lucrative offers during the sale period.

There's also going to be up to 80 percent off on laptops, cameras, power banks, tablets and other electronic gadgets. TVs and appliances will be available at a discount of up to 70 percent, with some key models of TVs being sold through flash sales. To make the most of the offers during the sale, ensure that you register on Flipkart and fill in your address and payment details beforehand.

Separately, Flipkart is said to be in talks to sell a majority stake to either Walmart or Amazon very soon. Reportedly, Amazon.com has made a formal offer to buy 60 percent of Flipkart, potentially complicating Walmart's bid for majority ownership of the Indian online retailer. The news underscores how Amazon is focused on winning India's e-commerce market, and the offer could be a ploy to block Walmart from bringing its expertise in logistics and supply chain management to Flipkart.Not only is the setting different in the new God of War, but the combat is also far from what we've come to expect from past entries. Levelling up, earning currency, gaining more abilities and gear, all of these have more in common with fully-fledged role-playing games than Kratos' past adventures. With that in mind, here's what you need to know before tackling God of War for PS4.This page uses Javascript. Your browser either doesn't support Javascript or you have it turned off. To see this page as it is meant to appear please use a Javascript enabled browser.It hasn't been a fortnight since Apple released iOS 11.3.1 to fix the touch functionality of some iPhone 8 units with aftermarket displays that had become unresponsive after installing iOS 11.3. And now, Apple is in the headlines for an issue that is said to be affecting the iPhone 7 series. The issue, which has reportedly been acknowledged by the iPhone maker, affects the microphone of a limited number of iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus models running iOS 11.3 or later during voice calls. It appears to be an uncommon problem, noticed by a few users worldwide. However, the Tim Cook-led company is said to be all set to provide a warranty exception through Apple Authorised Service Providers for the affected units that are no longer covered under warranty.

According to a leaked document that has been circulated to Apple Authorised Service Providers, as spotted by MacRumors, Apple has asserted that users using the affected iPhone 7 units may experience a greyed-out speaker button during phone calls. The issue is said to mute the built-in microphone to prevent users from being heard during phone calls or FaceTime video calls.

Apple has reportedly directed service providers to run audio diagnostics on the affected devices. It has also instructed service providers to ask users to manually disconnect or power off any audio accessories connected to their iPhone to replicate the problem. Furthermore, if the diagnostic screen shows that the affected device "could not detect dock" or "accessory not supported" alert, the service providers have been instructed to initiate the repairing process. Alongside providing free of charge service to devices that are covered under warranty, the service providers can request for a warranty exception for the devices that are not under warranty but are impacted from the microphone issue. But notably, the company didn't specify in the leaked documents whether the repairs will be entirely free of charge for the out-of-warranty iPhone 7 units.

A few complaints about the microphone issue have emerged on the Web. Nevertheless, the problem doesn't seem to have impacted all iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus users. We weren't able to notice its existence on our iPhone 7 unit. That said, Apple hasn't clarified the cause of the microphone issue. Considering the reported document, the company is not in favour of fixing the issue through a software update and has instead instructed its service providers to repair the affected devices.

We've reached out to Apple for clarity on the issue and will update this space accordingly. Meanwhile, if you're among the users who own the affected iPhone 7 units, you should visit your nearby Apple authorised service centre to fix your device.Asus ZenFone Max Pro M1 smartphone was launched in April 2018. The phone comes with a 5.99-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 1080 pixels by 2160 pixels. Asus ZenFone Max Pro M1 price in India starts from Rs. 10,999.

The Asus ZenFone Max Pro M1 is powered by octa-core processor and it comes with 3GB of RAM. The phone packs 32GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 2000GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Asus ZenFone Max Pro M1 packs a 13-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 8-megapixel front shooter for selfies.

The Asus ZenFone Max Pro M1 runs Android 8.1 Oreo and is powered by a 5000mAh. It measures 159.00 x 76.00 x 8.46 (height x width x thickness) and weighs 180.00 grams.

The Asus ZenFone Max Pro M1 is a dual SIM (GSM and GSM) smartphone that accepts Nano-SIM and Nano-SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, 3G and 4G (with support for Band 40 used by some LTE networks in India). Sensors on the phone include Compass/ Magnetometer, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Ambient light sensor and Gyroscope.Asus ZenFone Max Pro M1 कीमत

Asus ZenFone Max Pro M1 स्पेसिफिकेशन

Asus ZenFone Max Pro M1 स्मार्टफोन 10 मई को दोबारा बिक्री के लिए उपलब्ध होगा। Asus ZenFone Max Pro M1 ने भारत में पिछले हफ्ते दस्तक दी थी। गुरुवार को फोन को एक्सक्लूसिव तौर पर फ्लिपकार्ट पर बिक्री के लिए उतारा गया था, जो जल्द ही आउट ऑफ स्टॉक हो गया था। गैजेट्स 360 के कुछ साथियों ने भी इसे खरीदने की कोशिश की लेकिन असफल रहे। हालांकि, फोन का 3 जीबी रैम वाला वेरिएंट बाकी दोनों की तुलना में देर तक बिक्री के लिए उपलब्ध दिख रहा था।Asus ने यह नहीं बताया है कि सेल के लिए कितने ZenFone Max Pro M1 उतारे गए थे। हालांकि कंपनी ने एक बयान में यह ज़रूर कहा है कि Asus ZenFone Max Pro M1 को भारतीय ग्राहकों से ज़बरदस्त रिस्पॉन्स मिला है। यह हैंडसेट Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro को टक्कर देता है, जो 15,000 रुपये के आस-पास रेंज में बेहतर फोन है। Asus ZenFone Max Pro M1 के खास फीचर हैं स्टॉक एंड्रॉयड, पतले बेज़ल, डुअल रियर कैमरे।ZenFone Max Pro M1 की कीमत 10,999 रुपये से शुरू होती है। इस दाम में 3 जीबी रैम और 32 जीबी स्टोरेज वेरिएंट मिलेगा। 4 जीबी रैम और 64 जीबी स्टोरेज वेरिएंट के लिए 12,999 रुपये खर्चने होंगे। यूज़र इस फोन को मिडनाइट ब्लैक और ग्रे रंग में खरीद पाएंगे।असूस ज़ेनफोन प्रो एम1 फ्लिपकार्ट की नई Complete Mobile Protection Plan के साथ आता है। टूटी हुई स्क्रीन, लिक्विड डैमेज, हार्डवेयर और सॉफ्टवेयर डैमेज से सुरक्षा मिलेगी। फ्लिपकार्ट से इस सेवा को पाने के लिए यूज़र को 49 रुपये देने होंगे।असूस ज़ेनफोन मैक्स प्रो एम1 में 5.99 इंच का फुल-एचडी+ (1080x2160 पिक्सल) फुल-व्यू आईपीएस डिस्प्ले है। मौज़ूदा चलन की तरह यह हैंडसेट 18:9 आस्पेक्ट रेशियो वाली स्क्रीन से लैस है। मेटल बॉडी वाला यह डुअल सिम स्मार्टफोन 2.5डी कर्व्ड ग्लास पैनल के साथ आता है। हैंडसेट में ऑक्टा-कोर क्वालकॉम स्नैपड्रैगन 636 प्रोसेसर का इस्तेमाल हुआ है और ग्राफिक्स के लिए एड्रेनो 509 जीपीयू इंटिग्रेटेड है। ZenFone Max Pro M1 के दो वेरिएंट हैं। एक वेरिएंट 3 जीबी रैम और 32 जीबी स्टोरेज के साथ आता है। वहीं, पावरफुल वेरिएंट में 4 जीबी रैम के साथ 64 जीबी स्टोरेज है। ज़रूरत पड़ने पर दोनों ही वेरिएंट में 2 टीबी तक का माइक्रोएसडी कार्ड इस्तेमाल करना संभव है। यह लेटेस्ट एंड्रॉयड 8.1 ओरियो के साथ आता है।OnePlus 6 is all set to be unveiled on May 16 and just ahead of official launch, the smartphone has made an appearance on a Chinese certification site revealing its full specifications. When it comes to OnePlus 6 and its specifications, most of the key details have already been confirmed by the company and they suggest a decent upgrade over the OnePlus 5T. While most of the other details have already been revealed in several leaks and rumours over the past few months, the latest leak reconfirms them. However, the new listing does not provide any official images of the OnePlus 6.

As per Slashleaks, a OnePlus smartphone with model number A6000 have been certified by TENAA, as spotted by Slashleaks, revealing full specifications. According to the OnePlus A6000 listing, the smartphone sports a 6.28-inch full-HD+ (1080x2280 pixels) AMOLED display. The smartphone is powered by a 2.45GHz octa-core processor that means the Snapdragon 845 SoC. In the current listing, the OnePlus 6 is equipped with 6GB of RAM and inbuilt storage of 64GB. However, the TENAA listing of the smartphone may soon get updated with an 8GB RAM listing as well, including inbuilt storage variants up to 256GB.

The OnePlus 6 will come with Android 8.1 Oreo, as per the listing. In terms of optics, the handset sports a dual camera setup that includes a 20-megapixel primary sensor and a 16-megapixel secondary sensor. On the front, it has a 16-megapixel camera for selfies. Further, the smartphone will be fuelled up by 3300mAh battery and it measures 155.7x75.35x7.75mm and it weighs 177 grams.

So far, OnePlus itself has confirmed a lot of things about the OnePlus 6. First off, is it will sport an iPhone X-like notch to house its front camera, proximity sensor, and earpiece, and users will get the software option to hide the notch if they don't like it. The smartphone will also have a glass back panel, which is thought to enable wireless charging, and it will be made of 'new materials', the company had teased.

Notably, OnePlus 6 India price details got leaked earlier this week. The OnePlus 6 expected to be launched in India priced at Rs. 36,999 for the 64GB storage variant, while the 128GB variant will cost Rs. 39,999.OnePlus 6 launch is coming up on May 16 at an event planned in London, followed by events in China and India the next day. The company recently confirmed that a custom OnePlus 6 x Marvel Avengers Limited Edition will also be announced in India on May 17. With just a few days to go for the official unveiling, OnePlus has gone ahead and teased what is seemingly the retail box of this limited edition handset. Marvel's Avengers: Infinity War recently released in India on April 27. The OnePlus 6 price in India is said to start at Rs. 36,999 for the base 64GB variant.

As per a teaser on the OnePlus Weibo account, a snapshot of the OnePlus 6 x Marvel Avengers Limited Edition's retail box has been outed. The retail box shows an official logo of the Avengers on top, with OnePlus 6 and Marvel branding on the sides. Apart from that, there is no other information about the smartphone or bundled accessories. Recently, in yet another teaser, OnePlus had hinted that this limited edition variant will sport a textured back. Previously, OnePlus unveiled a Star Wars variant of the OnePlus 5T with custom branding and slight design changes.

OnePlus 6 rumoured specifications

As per rumours and confirmations, the OnePlus 6 will sport a 19:9 display with a notch on top. It will be powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 SoC, coupled with up to 8GB of RAM and up to 256GB of inbuilt storage. There is said to be a vertical dual rear camera setup, a rear-mounted fingerprint sensor, and wireless charging support (considering glass back confirmed) on the handset. A 3.5mm headphone jack has also been confirmed, apart from a display notch.

In terms of software, the OnePlus 6 might run OxygenOS on top of Android 8.1 Oreo out-of-the-box. An Android P update can be expected in the future. While exact battery capacity hasn't yet been revealed, the phone will most definitely have support for its proprietary Dash Charge feature, and the confirmation of a glass back indicates it will also support wireless charging.OnePlus is all set to launch its newest flagship on May 17 in India (and May 16 in London). Running up to the launch, the OnePlus 6 has been leaked extensively and it is expected to be powered by a Snapdragon 845 SoC, sport a bezel-less display, and come with a dual camera setup. New hands-on images have now surfaced on the Web, and it shows the OnePlus 6 with the display switched on, and has also been compared with the iPhone X.

The OnePlus 6 is seen sporting a bezel-less display, something that the company confirmed when it announced it would embrace the notch. These photos, shared by Techtastic from Chinese social media site Baidu, compare the OnePlus 6 with the iPhone X. The smartphone is visibly larger than the iPhone X, but the display is uncannily similar. The notch at the top of the display houses the sensors, just like the Apple variant, but it's less wide. There's little clarity on how the extra real estate will be utilised on the Android device, but the company will demo that presumably at the event.

Photo Credit: Techtastic

If rumours are to be believed, the OnePlus 6 will come with a 19:9 display, which is rumoured to come in 6.28-inch size and features full-HD+ (1080x2160 pixels) resolution. The smartphone will be powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 SoC, coupled with 8GB of RAM. It is also rumoured to have a vertically placed dual rear camera setup, rear-mounted fingerprint sensor, a 3450mAh battery, and could run a new version of OxygenOS with Android 8.1 Oreo on top. Furthermore, OnePlus has partnered with Marvel Studios to launch a OnePlus 6 x Marvel Avengers Limited Edition variant.

Some past rumours claimed that the OnePlus 6 will go on sale in the country with a starting price of Rs. 36,999 for the 64GB storage variant, while its 128GB variant will be available at Rs. 39,999. The smartphone will also come with a 256GB storage option, though its price is yet to be revealed.

OnePlus will host pop-up events across eight Indian cities between May 21 and May 22 to let fans experience and purchase the new flagship before its general open sales that will take place in the country exclusively via Amazon India. The OnePlus smartphone will notably be available for purchase through the pop-up stores on the first-come-first-serve basis and similar events will be held on the same schedule in the New York, London, Paris, Milan, and Beijing for global OnePlus fans.Mozilla has released a new Firefox version (v60) for Android devices that brings the new Quantum CSS engine, also called Stylo. The CSS engine originally arrived on desktops through Firefox 57 late last year. Its existence on mobile devices is touted to enable faster page rendering that can be experienced by downloading the Firefox 60 for Android. The latest Firefox version is presently rolling out via Google Play, though the CSS engine was previously enabled on the Firefox for Android beta.

As detailed at the time of its rollout for desktop users, the Quantum CSS engine brings the optimisations of Chrome and Safari to enhance the web browsing experience on Firefox. It uses CPU to split up style computation for the different DOM (Document Object Model) nodes to make page rendering speedier than before. Mozilla's engineers first planned to bring the advanced CSS engine to Firefox for Android alongside its desktop release in November last year, but it was postponed to the Firefox 59 version that was released in March. However, the company ultimately scheduled its arrival for Firefox 60 that is now rolling out for devices running Android 4.1 or later, as reported by Android Police.

Alongside the Quantum CSS engine, Firefox 60 for Android has brought a View Page Source option that can be accessed from the Page Action menu. This makes it easier for web developers to view the source code of a webpage. The new Firefox version also has tons of security fixes to deliver a secured web browsing experience.

You can check the availability of Firefox 60 for your Android device by visiting Google Play. Alternatively, you can download the APK file of the latest version from APK Mirror.Netflix has released a teaser trailer for its upcoming Indian original, Sacred Games. The crime thriller is based on Vikram Chandra's 2006 novel of the same name, and follows a Mumbai police officer named Sartaj Singh (Saif Ali Khan) who's after a powerful crime lord Ganesh Gaitonde (Nawazuddin Siddiqui). Radhika Apte plays RAW analyst Anjali Mathur, and Anupriya Goenka is also part of the show.

The teaser trailer for Sacred Games opens with Gaitonde setting fire to something, and then proclaiming: "Sometimes, I think I am God." From there, we get quick-cut introductions to Singh and Mathur, and shots to establish its setting and tone: a dead body, the Mumbai skyline, a dance bar, gold bars, someone packaging drugs, and lots of guns. It then closes with the line: "Do you believe in God?"

It's clear from the teaser that Sacred Games is going for a gritty Narcos take, and it'll be interesting to see if the directors, Anurag Kashyap and Vikramaditya Motwane, can land it without being over-the-top. Kashyap does have a good track record with crime thrillers, with Gangs of Wasseypur, Black Friday, and Raman Raghav 2.0 under his belt. Motwane doesn't have as much experience in the genre, though his upcoming film Bhavesh Joshi does seem to be leaning towards it.

Sacred Games is one of seven Indian Netflix originals currently in production, as the streaming service looks to strengthen up its local offerings in the country. Amazon has released two original dramas since the arrival of Prime Video – Inside Edge, and Breathe – and has a dozen more in the pipeline.

All eight episodes of Sacred Games' first season will be available July 6.OnePlus 6 is all set to be unveiled on May 16 and just ahead of official launch, the smartphone has made an appearance on a Chinese certification site revealing its full specifications. When it comes to OnePlus 6 and its specifications, most of the key details have already been confirmed by the company and they suggest a decent upgrade over the OnePlus 5T. While most of the other details have already been revealed in several leaks and rumours over the past few months, the latest leak reconfirms them. However, the new listing does not provide any official images of the OnePlus 6.

As per Slashleaks, a OnePlus smartphone with model number A6000 have been certified by TENAA, as spotted by Slashleaks, revealing full specifications. According to the OnePlus A6000 listing, the smartphone sports a 6.28-inch full-HD+ (1080x2280 pixels) AMOLED display. The smartphone is powered by a 2.45GHz octa-core processor that means the Snapdragon 845 SoC. In the current listing, the OnePlus 6 is equipped with 6GB of RAM and inbuilt storage of 64GB. However, the TENAA listing of the smartphone may soon get updated with an 8GB RAM listing as well, including inbuilt storage variants up to 256GB.

The OnePlus 6 will come with Android 8.1 Oreo, as per the listing. In terms of optics, the handset sports a dual camera setup that includes a 20-megapixel primary sensor and a 16-megapixel secondary sensor. On the front, it has a 16-megapixel camera for selfies. Further, the smartphone will be fuelled up by 3300mAh battery and it measures 155.7x75.35x7.75mm and it weighs 177 grams.

So far, OnePlus itself has confirmed a lot of things about the OnePlus 6. First off, is it will sport an iPhone X-like notch to house its front camera, proximity sensor, and earpiece, and users will get the software option to hide the notch if they don't like it. The smartphone will also have a glass back panel, which is thought to enable wireless charging, and it will be made of 'new materials', the company had teased.

Notably, OnePlus 6 India price details got leaked earlier this week. The OnePlus 6 expected to be launched in India priced at Rs. 36,999 for the 64GB storage variant, while the 128GB variant will cost Rs. 39,999.Nokia 8 Sirocco plays on the strengths of HMD's last year's flagship and does it with style. But is there any substance to it as well? This is our review.Mozilla has released a new Firefox version (v60) for Android devices that brings the new Quantum CSS engine, also called Stylo. The CSS engine originally arrived on desktops through Firefox 57 late last year. Its existence on mobile devices is touted to enable faster page rendering that can be experienced by downloading the Firefox 60 for Android. The latest Firefox version is presently rolling out via Google Play, though the CSS engine was previously enabled on the Firefox for Android beta.

As detailed at the time of its rollout for desktop users, the Quantum CSS engine brings the optimisations of Chrome and Safari to enhance the web browsing experience on Firefox. It uses CPU to split up style computation for the different DOM (Document Object Model) nodes to make page rendering speedier than before. Mozilla's engineers first planned to bring the advanced CSS engine to Firefox for Android alongside its desktop release in November last year, but it was postponed to the Firefox 59 version that was released in March. However, the company ultimately scheduled its arrival for Firefox 60 that is now rolling out for devices running Android 4.1 or later, as reported by Android Police.

Alongside the Quantum CSS engine, Firefox 60 for Android has brought a View Page Source option that can be accessed from the Page Action menu. This makes it easier for web developers to view the source code of a webpage. The new Firefox version also has tons of security fixes to deliver a secured web browsing experience.

You can check the availability of Firefox 60 for your Android device by visiting Google Play. Alternatively, you can download the APK file of the latest version from APK Mirror.Redmi S2 is all set to be Xiaomi's upcoming budget smartphone as the Chinese phone maker has confirmed the phone's launch date. A teaser posted on Weibo by Xiaomi confirms the launch of the Redmi S2 smartphone on May 10, which will be the first model in the company's new Redmi S series. The teaser also shows the Redmi S2 rear panel, which looks quite similar to that of Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro and the Mi 6X. Also, it seems the handset will be exclusively available via Suning.com in China; the handset is also rumoured to be headed to India, though it is not yet clear when it will hit our shores.

This update was revealed by Xiaomi in a post on Weibo. Previously, Xiaomi had posted another teaser that showed off the letter 'S' in red and blue paint. Further, the Redmi S2 was also spotted with high-resolution product shots at the opening of a Mi Store in Czech Republic.

Additionally, the Redmi S2 has been spotted on certification website TENAA once again. The new listings show two variants of the handset, with model numbers M1803E6T and M1803E6C and identical hardware. As per the listing, the smartphone will run Android 8.1 Oreo-based software and feature a 5.99-inch HD+ (720x1440 pixel) display and octa-core processor. It also shows the handset will come in 2GB, 3GB and 4GB RAM variants, and have 16GB, 32GB and 64GB storage options, all with support for up to 256GB microSD cards.

There will be a dual rear camera setup in vertical alignment featuring a 12-megapixel primary sensor and 5-megapixel secondary sensor, as well as a 16-megapixel selfie camera. Sensor onboard include gravity sensor, distance sensor, light sensor, and fingerprint recognition. It is said to come in black, rose gold, gold, white, blue, red, pink, grey, and silver colour options. Powering the handset - which will have dimensions of 160.73×77.26×8.1mm and weigh 170 grams - will be a 3000mAh battery.

Prior to this too the Redmi S2 has been spotted on TENAA, as well as certification website 3C that hinted at an impending launch in the country. While China will witness the unveiling next week, an India launch is also in the pipeline if rumours are to be believed.iPhone X was the bestselling smartphone of Q1 2018, a Strategy Analytics report has claimed. Apple had a great outing in the quarter, with the iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus - smartphones that were launched alongside the iPhone X last September - coming in at second and third, respectively. The Cupertino company rounded off the top four with the iPhone 7, and the only Android smartphone in the top five is remarkably Xiaomi's entry-level smartphone - the Redmi 5A.

Strategy Analytics in its report says the iPhone X captured 5 percent of the global smartphone market in Q1 2018, with 16 million units shipped. Apple shipped 12.5 million iPhone 8 units, which had a 3.6 percent share of the market, followed by the iPhone 8 Plus' 8.3 million units, and 2.4 percent share. The iPhone 7 saw 5.6 million units shipped, a fall from its record 21.5 million units in Q1 2017.

"For the second quarter running, the iPhone X remains the world's most popular smartphone model overall, due to a blend of good design, sophisticated camera, extensive apps, and widespread retail presence for the device," said Juha Winter, Senior Analyst at Strategy Analytics. "Apple has now shifted almost 50 million iPhone X units worldwide since commercial launch in November 2017."

Q1 2018 Global Smartphone Shipments Market Share

Photo Credit: Strategy Analytics

Coming to the first Android contender in Strategy Analytics' Q1 2018 global smartphone shipments report, the Xiaomi Redmi 5A saw 5.4 million units shipped, marginally behind the iPhone 7. The entry-level smartphone was launched in China last October, and brought to India in November. As an introductory offer for the first 5 million units in India, the smartphone's base model (2GB RAM/ 16GB storage) had a Rs. 1,000 discount, bringing its price down to Rs. 4,999. It ended the introductory price offer in March.

"Xiaomi has become wildly popular across India and China," said Linda Sui, Director at Strategy Analytics. "Xiaomi is selling a huge volume of smartphones through online channels, with key retail partners including Flipkart and JD."

The Strategy Analytics report reveals only the top six models in terms of global smartphone shipments, saying they accounted for 1 in 7 of all smartphones shipped in the quarter. The Samsung Galaxy S9+ took the last spot in its list. The Samsung Galaxy S-Series flagship shipped 5.3 million units, just behind Xiaomi's budget offering, claiming 1.5 percent of the global smartphone market. However, not all is doom and gloom for Samsung's flagships, with the market research firm predicting the Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus would become the top-selling Android smartphone in Q2 2018.

Q1 2018 Global Smartphone Shipments Market Share

Photo Credit: Strategy Analytics

Woody Oh, Director at Strategy Analytics, said, "Samsung's new flagships, Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9+, only started shipping toward the end of the first quarter, but shipments are already off to a very good start. The S9 Plus delivers an attractive, bezel-less, curved-screen design, a rich portfolio of software apps, and best-in-class retail distribution across dozens of countries. We expect the Galaxy S9+ to become the best-selling Android smartphone globally in the second quarter of 2018."

Other manufacturers made up 84.6 percent of the 345.4 million market, shipping 292.3 units over the quarter. Global smartphone shipments fell year-on-year, from 353.8 million units the previous year.Huawei has made the first smartphone in the world with a triple camera setup and has partnered with Leica to achieve this. It's the strongest selling point of the P20 Pro, and rightly so. But is it worth the hefty price tag it commands? And how's the rest of the phone? We look for answers in our review.