Vida (Starz) Estranged sisters Emma (Mishel Prada) and Lyn (Melissa Barrera) return to the Eastside of Los Angeles after the death of their mother, where they must deal with the family business and discover secrets about their mother in the half-hour drama. Premieres May …Trump visits Ohio to meet supporters, highlight tax law CLEVELAND (AP) — President Donald Trump is meeting with supporters and highlighting the benefits of the Republican tax law in Cleveland. Trump is in Ohio on Saturday to attend a fundraiser for the Republican National Committee, meeting first with high-dollar …Kendall Jenner Slapped With Trademark Infringement For ‘Pizza Boys’ Project Image via Shutterstock Kendall Jenner’s new ‘Pizza Boys’ project is being sued for trademark infringement. Robert Karageuzian has filed a lawsuit against Jenner, DJ Daniel Chetrit and Apple. Karageuzian is the owner of ‘Pizzaboyzzz’, which is an art collectiv…Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway reports a $1.1 billion loss on paper New accounting rules forced Berkshire Hathaway to change the way it accounts for the value of its investments.Holness confident Jamaica can attain full employment KINGSTON, Jamaica — Prime Minister Andrew Holness says Jamaica can attain full employment based on the growth in job-creating projects, which has boosted employment, leading to record declines in the unemployment rate.Holness said unemployment has been trendi…Cocky Writer: Romance Author Faleena Hopkins Trademarks 'Cocky' and Tries to Shut Down Others Using the Word Talk about cocky. If you're a romance reader like myself, then the chances are you've come across a lot of books with the word 'cocky' in the title. If there's one thing the romance world loves more than double-entendres, it's...Blockchain is not a CIO’s business: C-levels need Business Cases Gartner’s latest CIO Survey finds that only 1% of the more than 3,000 chief information officers (CI...Blockchain is not a CIO’s business: C-levels need Business Cases (Enrico Camerinelli) Gartner’s latest CIO Survey finds that only 1% of the more than 3,000 chief information officers (CI...Finance minister welcomes launch of Alliance Prepaid Mastercard KINGSTON, Jamaica (JIS) — Finance and the Public Service Minister, Dr Nigel Clarke, has welcomed Alliance Financial Services Limited's (AFSL) introduction of Jamaica's first and only Prepaid MasterCard.The card, which was unveiled during a ceremony at the Cou…Chan Zuckerberg Initiative Gives $14M for Personalized Learning in Chicago - Digital Education - Education Week The grant to Chicago Public Schools and the nonprofit LEAP Innovations will support personalized learning at 100 Chicago-area schools.Kansas City, Mo., Business Leaders Hope to Educate Public About Early Learning - Early Years - Education Week An initiative backed by the Greater Kansas City Chamber of Commerce is providing resources to families in an effort to teach them about the importance of quality, early-childhood education.Ava DuVernay dares angry male directors to sue her Superstar director Ava DuVernay warned her male counterparts at an awards show to not come for her unless she sends for them. The Selma and A Wrinkle in Time director was being honored at the 30th annual Gloria Awards when she sounded the trumpet for her angr…10 Takeaways From Variety’s Ent and Tech New York Summit Snapchat is seeking more media partners. Advertisers feel they’re under siege as TV viewing migrates to ad-free platforms. Celebrity endorsement deals remain an art, not a science. Engagement is the metric of the future, but brand “passion” is the Holy Grail …FCA’s Large Cars to Ride on As Supplier Strike Ends Car building will soon fire up again at Fiat Chrysler’s Brampton, Ontario assembly plant after employees at a just-in-time seat supplier called of their week-long strike. Late Friday, workers at Lear Ajax ratified a four-year wage contract with their employer…$1,000 invested in Apple ten years ago is now worth over $7,000 Let's say you had $1,000 in spare change to invest ten years ago. And suppose you had the ability to think ahead and see that Apple's ground breaking iPhone would mature into the firm's top selling product, and be at the vanguard of a smartphone revolution th…Box Office: 'Black Panther' Tops $690M, May Claw Its Way To $700M Forbes Welcome page -- Forbes is a global media company, focusing on business, investing, technology, entrepreneurship, leadership, and lifestyle.In Borsa vincono i buoni: le «azioni responsabili» guadagnano di più I titoli delle migliori società sotto il profilo ambientale, sociale e di governance vengono premiate dal mercato: lo rivela il primo studio europeo in materia, condotto dalla School of Management del Politecnico di Milano e da Banor sim...‘Avengers: Infinity War’ To Pass $1B Global Box Office Today As Disney Tops $3B WW In Pair Of Speed Records In just 11 days of global release, Disney / Marvel ’s Avengers: Infinity War will today set a new speed record to $1B at the worldwide box office. The global gross through Friday is $974.5M. The mega-milestone to come once Saturday’s spoils are factored will …Roseville 'transportation desert' getting watered with new bus route A new bus route is catering only to seniors and people who have disabilities for a 6-month trial.Swiss clinic to assess WA scientist first Australia's oldest scientist David Goodall, who wants to end his life with a voluntary assisted dying program in Switzerland, must be judged to be of sound...U.S. talks tough on trade with China Washington demands a $200 billion cut in trade surplus and lower tariffs from Beijing, say sources.Toys Are Starting To Surge Again The toy business has been in a massive uptrend if you are in the right stocks. It is a fickle business group as they seem to treat the shares aggressively. Buy the good ones quickly, sell the weak ones even faster.  
 
This week, Activision (ATVI) closed abov…Warren Buffett defends Wells Fargo stake Warren Buffett on Saturday stood by Wells Fargo & Co., indicating Berkshire Hathaway has no intention of ditching its stake in the troubled lender. In a question that drew applause from the audience, Buffett was asked at Berkshire's annual meeting whether the…'It didn't produce anything:' Warren Buffett uses $10,000 to demonstrate why buying gold is much worse than buying stocks At Berkshire Hathaway's annual meeting 2018 on Saturday, Warren Buffett compared $10,000 invested in gold and stocks in 1942 to demonstrate why he's always been bullish on buying the latter. "For every dollar you could have made in American business, you'd ha…Berkshire Hathaway's Operating Earnings Soar in the First Quarter Earnings from its operating companies exploded higher, though losses on its investment portfolio resulted in a net loss in the first quarter.Le Xiaomi MITU WiFI Drone est à 65 € Xiaomi a récemment présenté un nouveau drone spécialement pensé pour les adolescents, le MITU WiFi Drone. Il est proposé en réduction chez Gearbest, avec un prix fixé à 65,81 €. L’offre est limitée dans le temps et elle est même proposée dans le cadre d’une p…US unemployment rate declines but not enough increase in wages Last time the unemployment rate stayed below 4 per cent for a sustained period was in the 1960sBuffett says China-U.S. trade relationship can be a 'win-win situation' for the superpowers Warren Buffett on Saturday said China and the U.S.--and the rest of the world--have too much at stake not to settle their differences over trade. Speaking in Omaha, Neb., the Sage of Omaha said "we've done remarkably well with trade, China's done remarkably w…Buffett says 'nothing's really changed that much' in his role at Berkshire Billionaire investor Warren Buffett told shareholders Saturday that his responsibilities and workload haven't changed much despite more high-profile roles for executives Ajit Jain and Gregory Abel on the management side and Ted Weschler and Todd Combs on the …Buffett Doubles Down on Apple While Accounting Changes Mean a Loss Warren Buffett. Whether you agree with the calls the man has made in his illustrious investing career or not, when he talks, you’d better listen because this is a man who can move markets and this week was no exception. Buffett, interviewed this week on CNBC …A vibrant wood products market is good for Oregon and the climate: Guest opinion Federal forestlands, state forestlands and private industrial forestlands are all growing more trees every year than are harvested or lost to wildfire or mortality.The Motley Fool: defensive vs. cyclical stocks ASK THE FOOL Defensive investing Q: What’s a “defensive” stock? A: It’s stock in a company whose performance isn’t very tied to the economy’s movements. For example, people might put off buying refrigerators or cars during a recession, but they’ll still buy g…Buffett's Berkshire swings to rare loss but performs better OMAHA, Neb.: Warren Buffett lost money but had a pretty good quarter.

Berkshire Hathaway Inc  on Saturday reported an unusual quarterly net loss, the result of an accounting change that Buffett had warned would produce "wild" but in his view meaningless swin…Invest in Mexico With These 3 Top Funds Find out how best to put money into the U.S.'s southern neighbor.Gold Could Benefit From Credit Problems Dramatic plunge in dollar collections calls credit conditions into question. Gold would likely benefit from continued erosion in the debt market. Dollar strengtMajor Stock Indexes End Mixed After a Volatile Week The major U.S. stock indexes had a volatile week, with tech stocks outperforming the broader market and industrials moving lower.Berkshire Earnings: Why the $1.1 Billion First-Quarter Loss Doesn't Matter The American multinational conglomerate reported a first-quarter earnings loss, but it's not what it looks like.La Xiaomi Amazfit Smartwatch 2 est à 130 € La Xiaomi Amazfit Smartwatch 2 bénéficie une fois encore d’une solide promotion chez Gearbest, une promotion plaçant le prix de la montre à très exactement 130,26 €. L’opération n’est pour une fois pas limitée dans le temps, mais ce n’est évidemment pas une r…For those with a high penchant for risk Despite a short track record, its category beating performance has been noteworthyIf You're Retired, Consider Buying These 3 Dividend Stocks Income is a key goal in retirement, and this trio of high-yield dividend stocks can help with that