Much like Monday Night Raw one day earlier, Tuesday's edition of SmackDown Live showcased its breadth and newfound depth of fresh storylines that comes with such a large infusion of talent.

What was first advertised as Daniel Bryan's long-awaited face-to-face meeting with The Miz on Miz TV turned into something else entirely -- setting the stage for both the short- and long-term future of the Miz-Bryan rivalry and SmackDown at large.

Editor's Picks Monday Night Raw results - Ronda Rousey continues to steal the show Ronda Rousey came to the defense of Natalya last night at Monday Night Raw, submitting Mickie James to end a 10-woman tag team match.

New Undertaker graphic novel set to dig deeper into career of one of WWE's biggest icons Boom! Studios looks to tell a deeper story about the nearly 30-year career of one of the most iconic characters in WWE history: The Undertaker.

After the Superstar Shakeup, what is the state of NXT? The Superstar Shakeup resulted in the transition of some of NXT's top talent to Raw and SmackDown, but Triple H is optimistic about what's ahead for the brand and the performers are ready to take the next step. 2 Related

Big Cass, sidelined since last August with an ACL injury, opened the show by interrupting The Miz's endless string of self-adulation upon his return to Tuesday nights. Cass came to the ring in a designer suit and sounded like someone with a lot to prove -- and it doesn't get bigger than getting right into it with Daniel Bryan, whom Cass apparently has felt slighted by since his setback.

Why has Cass felt no love since his return, while fans go berserk over Bryan? How could he, someone with such a daunting physical presence, take a backseat to anyone, never mind to a person he considers an overrated hack like Bryan?

"It looks like he should be my garbage man, but on Tuesdays, instead of picking up my trash, he comes to SmackDown Live and spews trash at each and every one of you," Cass said of Bryan.

After Cass' intrusion, and Bryan's no-show, cameras flashed backstage as Asuka and Becky Lynch made their way out to the ring. Cass had laid Bryan low, and then in the late stages of the show Bryan made his way out of the trainer's room to confirm a backlash match between the two of them. It's an interesting welcome-back moment for Cass, who looks like he is being positioned for a shot at being one of the high-profile stars on the new and improved SmackDown roster.

"It doesn't matter how big you are, because everyone is the same size when they're on the mat, and they're tapping OUT." - @WWEDanielBryan looks forward to meeting @BigCassWWE at #WWEBacklash! #SDLive pic.twitter.com/5jO6Giwncv - WWE (@WWE) April 25, 2018

Will the creative team make the bold decision to let Bryan, the most popular figure in WWE, take a loss so early in his comeback, even if some foul play is involved? Or can you justify weakening a seven-foot behemoth who has a fresh, post-Enzo Amore start with a loss in a high profile pay-per-view event this early in his return?

Whatever happens, it's a welcome change of pace. After months of the Bryan-Shane McMahon-Kevin Owens-Sami Zayn hullabaloo that lasted far longer than it should have, the former SmackDown general manager needs to showcase himself without so many other factors in play.

But this episode of SmackDown was far from the Daniel Bryan show; in fact, he made just the two brief on-screen appearances. AJ Styles linked back up with Gallows & Anderson, fresh off their move to SmackDown in the Superstar Shakeup, but their match against Shinsuke Nakamura, Rusev and Aiden English had a familiar (and somehow even more painful) ending than previous weeks' attacks.

Beyond that, other new arrivals stepped up as well. The IIconics showed they are more than irritating mouthpieces with an astounding tag team win, while Shelton Benjamin proved he does not need Chad Gable by his side with a shocking upset of his own.

SmackDown has dubbed itself the land of opportunity, but before the Superstar Shakeup a week ago, the overall heartbeat of the show was reliant on the same stars week in, week out. That approach had worn thin, even with the return of Bryan the in-ring performer, but Tuesday showed us we have something to look forward to in the 90 or so minutes between the opening segment and main event as SmackDown moves forward.

Other notes

Styles, Gallows and Anderson fell in their reunion match, and it only got worse after Nakamura pinned Gallows. Styles attacked Nakamura, only for the latter to hit yet another low blow -- his fourth in as many confrontations with Styles. He lined Styles up for a Kinshasa, only for Anderson to jump in the way and "take the bullet" for his friend, and Styles wasn't able to help Anderson as Nakamura nailed a second knee strike for good measure. The mind games continued just days before their rematch for the WWE championship at Greatest Royal Rumble, and the tension and stakes couldn't be higher. But there was another bright spot to this main event, with Anderson and Gallows immediately getting back into the main event. Before their move to SmackDown, they had become irreverent, almost insignificant, players. Joining forces with Styles again should give them more berth to succeed and eventually challenge for the tag team titles on Tuesday nights.

After her unprecedented winning streak, Asuka is now on a two-match televised losing streak. After falling to Charlotte Flair at WrestleMania, ending one of the most unbelievable starts to a career in the WWE she, along with partner Becky Lynch, lost to The IIconics. Granted, it came after Peyton Royce illegally put her foot on the rope to help pin Becky, but facts are facts. The last thing SmackDown can afford right now is another women's faction appearing ordinary (see: the Riott Squad or Welcoming Committee). And let's face it: Asuka can take another loss or two without losing her air of star power, especially if she's not the one taking the fall.

Peyton Royce and Billie Kay got an immediate boost early on in their tenure on SmackDown with a victory over Becky Lynch and Asuka. Courtesy of WWEWatch the full match highlights as Juventus scored twice in the last three minutes to secure a dramatic win over 10-man Inter Milan and maintain control of the Serie A title race

ABOUT COOKIES

We use cookies to help make this website better, to improve our services and for advertising purposes. You can learn more about our use of cookies and change your browser settings in order to avoid cookies by clicking here. Otherwise, we'll assume you are OK to continue.

ContinueABOUT COOKIES

We use cookies to help make this website better, to improve our services and for advertising purposes. You can learn more about our use of cookies and change your browser settings in order to avoid cookies by clicking here. Otherwise, we'll assume you are OK to continue.

ContinueMaurice Hamilton joins Jennie Gow to explain why it's crucial for Haas for find form sooner rather than later. (2:30)

Formula One has confirmed it is on the verge of securing a street race around the city of Miami for 2019. Here we explain everything you need to know about Miami's upcoming vote on the race and the wider implications for F1's calendar and its existing races.

Why Miami?

Miami ticks several boxes for F1's American owners. It's a "destination city" -- an iconic one at that -- on the east coast of its home nation, which also happens to be one of the biggest sports markets in the world. Races in New York and Las Vegas have also been mooted in recent years but Miami's proposal is currently the most advanced.

What is the next step toward a race being confirmed?

The Miami City Commission is due for a vote on May 10. This will ultimately be the key in deciding whether a race goes ahead -- the city has the blessing of F1, so a 'yes' vote would appear to be all that is required at this stage for Miami to join the calendar.

Formula One's American owners are keen for a second grand prix on home soil. Jeffrey Greenberg/UIG via Getty Images

Who is behind the bid?

Stephen Ross, the owner of the Miami Dolphins, was the man named in Formula One's original statement about the race. Ross said: "From football and soccer to tennis and motorsports, Miami deserves only the best in music, food, art, fashion, and sports and entertainment, and that is exactly what we plan on delivering with a Formula One race."

How long would the deal be for?

According to the proposal being voted on next week, the deal will run for 10 years.

What would a Miami Grand Prix look like?

The race proposal centres around the south of the city, in the Biscayne Bay area. City councillor Ken Russell has shared a view of the proposed layout of the street circuit, which runs around the American Airlines Arena -- home of the NBA's Miami Heat -- and past the city's Freedom Tower, before going across the harbour and doubling back toward downtown.

Today got a first look at a potential map for @F1 in @downtownMIA. Most of course is in the port with a loop around AAArena. Would you like to see #miami become a stop on the Formula One circuit? pic.twitter.com/sOY08hJ5yM — Ken Russell Miami (@kenrussellmiami) May 3, 2018

Has Miami hosted a motor race before?

Yes. In March 2015 it hosted its one and only Formula E event on a circuit similar to the one outlined above, albeit without crossing over the bridge. That configuration was also similar to the one used to host CART's Grand Prix of Miami in 1995. But the Grand Prix of Miami name is more synonymous with an oval circuit in Homestead, Florida, which hosted CART/Indy Racing League events between 1996 and 2010.

Miami's Port Boulevard Bridge, which is part of the proposed circuit linking Miami Port with the city's downtown area Jeff Greenberg/UIG via Getty Images

When was the last street race held in the U.S.?

Before its current stint at Austin's Circuit of the Americas, and the previous one at Indianapolis, the U.S. Grand Prix was held on the Phoenix street circuit between 1989 and 1991. That race replaced the Detroit Grand Prix, which ran between 1982 and 1988, held around the streets of the Michigan city.

California also hosted a street race at Long Beach between 1976 and 1983, while Las Vegas was the venue of the infamous Caesars Palace Grand Prix -- held in a car park behind the city's most famous hotel -- in 1981 and 1982.

Why is F1 so determined to expand in America?

At the start of 2017 American company Liberty Media completed its takeover of Formula One. Since then the sport's bosses, chairman Chase Carey and commercial chief Sean Bratches, have made little secret of the desire to have multiple races on home soil. Expanding in the United States is not a dream exclusively held by Liberty Media -- former boss Bernie Ecclestone, who presided over the sport for more than 40 years, spent much of his time in charge trying to crack America.

F1 management is convinced there is potential for big growth in America, but its national racing scene is dominated by NASCAR and IndyCar, while the wider sporting scene is saturated by NFL, NBA and MLB. Carey has criticised the short-term view taken by Ecclestone in regards to U.S. races and believes an aggressive approach to the American market goes hand-in-hand with the identical mindset that Liberty has adopted for social media and fan engagement.

Last year, Carey told ESPN: "Adding a destination event in a city like New York, Miami or Las Vegas; that raises the profile and helps people engage. Doing more online, so people can get closer to the sport; realistically at the core that is engaging fans and it's engaging in different ways."

Usain Bolt performed his signature pose before the start of the formation lap ahead of the 2017 U.S. Grand Prix. Mark Thompson/Getty Images

What would Miami mean for the future of Austin's race?

It is hard to imagine F1 letting one U.S. race drop off the calendar just as it found another one to add to it. COTA's contract runs until 2022 and last year's race featured the most elaborate of F1's new fan-friendly initiatives -- including an appearance from sprinting legend Usain Bolt and boxing announcer Michael Buffer's driver introductions -- as Liberty Media pulled out all the stops to ensure a memorable debut home race.

After several years of disappointing ticket sales and uncertainty over local government funding, COTA's future appears safer. Attendances saw a boost in 2016 and 2017 with concerts for Taylor Swift and Justin Timberlake, a practice which looks set to continue in 2018 and beyond.

That then leaves the question -- where would Miami fit in? The proposed race date of October would also see it added to a month already crowded with races and which traditionally finishes with the Austin-Mexico City double header. Turning that into a triple-header is not out of the question, but finding a space after the awkward Singapore-Russia-Japan leg will be a challenge.

Would a Miami race put any existing circuits at risk?

Some initial reports this week suggested Azerbaijan's Baku City Circuit could make way for Miami, but sources have told ESPN this is not the case. Baku would be an odd candidate to drop off the calendar; it has seven years left on its deal but later this year can trigger a break clause so that the contract would be up for renewal after the 2020 race. Either party would risk high costs to terminate the contract before then.

The circuits which do seem to be more at risk would be Germany's Hockenheim, Belgium's Spa-Francorchamps and Japan's Suzuka circuits. All three have contracts expiring at the end of the current year. Given F1's recent history of cancelled German races, Hockenheim would appear to be the most vulnerable.

F1 would risk a huge backlash if it dropped a venue as iconic as Spa-Francorchamps after all the talk of trying to preserve the sport's historic races, while Honda's backing of Suzuka should be enough to keep it on the grid for another contract cycle at least.

Long Beach hosted a street race between 1976 and 1983. Sutton Images

Will there be any other new races in 2019?

It seems increasingly likely a Vietnamese Grand Prix, held in the city of Hanoi, will also join the calendar for next year. If both Hanoi and Miami are added for 2019, F1 will either face the prospect of holding an unprecedented 23-race calendar (which is likely to create a logistical headache for teams already stretched by the existing 21 races) or be forced to cut one or more from the existing bunch. This increases the pressure on the races listed above.

Liberty Media has previously talked up the possibility of expanding to as many as 25 races a year, but this has been an unpopular suggestion to many teams. Regardless of whether other races disappear or not, F1 bosses face a challenge making sense of next year's schedule as it looks to expand to new venues.PRAGUE -- Second-seeded Petra Kvitova eased past fellow Czech Tereza Smitkova 6-1, 6-3 Tuesday to advance to the second round of the Prague Open.

The 10th-ranked Kvitova, who is playing the Prague Open for the first time, will next face unseeded Russian Natalia Vikhlyantseva.

Third-seeded Daria Kasatkina was eliminated 7-6 (6), 6-3 by Italian Jasmine Paolini while fifth-seeded Czech Barbora Strycova lost to another Italian, Camila Giorgi, 6-0, 2-6, 6-2. Sixth-seeded Shuai Zhang of China made the second round after a 6-4, 7-5 victory over Stefanie Voegele of Switzerland.

Seventh-seeded Mihaela Buzarnescu of Romania also advanced with a 6-1, 7-5 victory over Brazilian Beatriz Haddad Maia while ninth-seeded Aliaksandra Sasnovich of Belarus was upset by Czech Kristyna Pliskova 7-6 (5), 6-3.

Antonia Lottner of Germany and Czech Denisa Allertova also progressed. American Bernarda Pera was knocked out by Romania's qualifier Elena-Gabriela Ruse 2-6, 6-1, 7-5.When junior middleweight Vanes Martirosyan turned pro at age 18 following an appearance for Team USA in the 2004 Olympics, many regarded him as a prospect to watch and a surefire bet to win a world title.

Betting on GGG-Martirosyan Golovkin -4000 Martirosyan +1400 -- Courtesy of Westgate Las Vegas

Fourteen years later and, although Martirosyan became a solid contender, he never lived up to his potential, never became a star and never scored a major victory.

The two times he did fight for a 154-pound world title he lost decisions, to Demetrius Andrade for a vacant belt in 2013 and, in a rematch of a head-butt induced technical draw, to then-titlist Erislandy Lara in May 2016. That is the last time Martirosyan fought.

Editor's Picks On paper, Martirosyan a legit opponent for GGG; fight is not Vanes Martirosyan has done enough in his career to be considered somewhat of a legit opponent for middleweight champion Gennady Golovkin. But with less than 20 days to prepare, the fight should not be taken seriously, writes Bernardo Pilatti.

Sanchez: Once you fight GGG, 'you are never going to be the same' Gennady Golovkin's trainer, Abel Sanchez, believes GGG is going to severely punish Vanes Martirosyan on Saturday but gave him credit for taking the fight. Sanchez also thinks Martirosyan's plans will be thrown out the window once he gets hit in the face.

GGG rips Canelo: I 'no longer think about' him Gennady Golovkin and his May 5 opponent, Vanes Martirosyan, appeared together at a workout for media members Monday, when Canelo Alvarez and his failed drug test, naturally, were a major topic of conversation. 2 Related

But Martirosyan has a chance to change the trajectory of his life and career, not to mention quiet the critics, if he can score what would be an astronomical upset against unified middleweight world champion Gennady Golovkin, who is bidding for a division record-tying 20th consecutive defense, on Saturday (HBO, 11 p.m. ET/PT) at the StubHub Center in Carson, California.

"I have been counted out before and I have shined," Martirosyan said. "This is my time. Fate has reached out to me and I am ready to seize the moment. You can never plan for something like this, but you can be prepared, and that's why I never left the gym.

"I've got this opportunity to shock the world. I'm not fighting a robot. GGG is human and he is beatable."

Martirosyan was in the right place at the right time when Canelo Alvarez failed two drug tests in February for the performance-enhancing drug clenbuterol. Alvarez's mega pay-per-view rematch with Golovkin was canceled and he was suspended for six months by the Nevada State Athletic Commission. GGG desperately still wanted to fight on Saturday and his promoter, Tom Loeffler, went to work trying to make it happen on just a few weeks' notice. The fight was moved from T-Mobile Arena in Las Vegas to Southern California and from HBO PPV to HBO, and Golovkin took a massive pay cut to keep the date alive.

"I'm not afraid of Gennady. I'm psyched to fight him. This is why I became a fighter. I'm not the only one taking this fight on short notice. Everyone has a soft spot. I'll find his. I have no fear." Vanes Martirosyan

Ultimately, Loeffler and Golovkin (37-0-1, 33 KOs), 36, a Kazakhstan native fighting out of Santa Monica, California, settled on Martirosyan as the late substitute. He was available, had been training and, as a bonus, he had moved from Armenia, where he was born, to Glendale, California, where there is a large Armenian community that is expected to turn out to support him.

Just a few weeks before he got the fight, Martirosyan said he asked his wife who her favorite boxer was beside him.

The Gennady Golovkin vs. Vanes Martirosyan fight was easy to make according to GGG's promoter Tom Loeffler. Photo provided by Tom Hogan/Hoganphotos/GGG Promotions

"She told me Gennady Golovkin. So now I have to beat his ass for that," Martirosyan said with a laugh. More seriously, Martirosyan is excited to have the fight. It is obvious in his voice.

"We are very blessed to have this opportunity," he said. "We can't wait. This is what we dream about, having a fight like this. I am just so excited and every day I have a big smile on my face. I will get to show the world where I belong in this sport. It's a perfect fight for Cinco de Mayo because it is going to be two guys -- Mexican-style fighters -- going head to head. It will be a perfect show for the boxing fans."

When Martirosyan was first rumored as one of the potential Alvarez replacements, his inclusion on that list was viewed as a joke to many. When he actually got the fight, criticism erupted, primarily for three reasons: He was a junior middleweight moving up in weight to face the most fearsome middleweight on the planet; he was coming off a loss; and he had not fought in two years, even though part of the reason was because other fights had fallen out.

Nonetheless, Martirosyan (36-3-1, 21 KOs), 32, was viewed as such a weak opponent for Golovkin that the IBF, which sanctions one of the three major world titles GGG holds, refused to approve the fight. That belt won't be at stake.

"I've got this opportunity to shock the world. I'm not fighting a robot. GGG is human and he is beatable." Vanes Martirosyan

But Martirosyan couldn't care less what the IBF, any fan or media member thinks about his chances. His only goal is to give it his best effort and go for what would be an upset for the ages.

"I am excited to show everyone how good I can be," Martirosyan said. "I feel so fresh and strong. Fans and Gennady will be amazed."

Martirosyan's layoff was not entirely his fault or even that of promoter Don King. Martirosyan had various fights fall out, including what was supposed to be a junior middleweight title eliminator on March 17 on the Jose Ramirez-Amir Imam undercard. Martirosyan was supposed to fight Maciej Sulecki but he pulled out not long before the bout in order to accept a higher-profile and far more lucrative fight at middleweight against Daniel Jacobs, which Sulecki lost by decision Saturday.

"We were supposed to fight in June (2017) and then it was March and (Sulecki) pulled out," Martirosyan said. "Then they told me I was fighting March 29, then it was April 9 -- guys just kept falling out and we just stayed in the gym. When we got the call for the fight they asked me if I could be 176 (pounds a few days later) and I weighed in that day at 174 or 175 (for a WBC weight check). One week before the fight we came in at 167 so we are in shape and we are good to go.

Trainer Edmond Tarverdyan, left, made sure Vanes Martirosyan stayed in shape even when he wasn't fighting. Photo provided by Tom Hogan/Hoganphotos/GGG Promotions

"My trainer Edmond (Tarverdyan) always tells me 'fight or no fight, stay in the gym and stay sharp. It doesn't matter if you don't have a fight.' I know some fighters when they don't have a fight they just stay home chillin' till they get the call to go in the gym. We are always in the gym and always around boxing. We were happy to get the call and ready to go."

Loeffler was pleased he was able to make a deal with King so quickly and that Martirosyan was ready and willing to fight.

"There were names that we went through, and I have to say I can't compliment Vanes and his team enough for had he not signed the contract in two or three days HBO would have said 'this is too late for us to effectively promote and market a fight on HBO,'" Loeffler said. "Some people point to the fact he hasn't fought for two years but he was ready, willing and able. There were three different fights that fell out, and Don King had chronicled that he was ready to fight the opponents. And he is local here in the Los Angeles area. He has huge support from the Armenian community here and was very effective in doing interviews. There is a lot of respect on both sides and this event was really saved by HBO agreeing to show this fight."

With no disrespect to Golovkin or Loeffler, Martirosyan's aim is to put on the best performance of his career, ruin the plans for the possibility of the Golovkin-Alvarez rematch being rescheduled for September and to shock the world.

"I just want to say one thing about Golovkin and Tom and his camp -- this is the first time in my life that I have seen gentlemen and everything has been so classy with everything, with the promotion and the press and everybody," he said. "There is no cursing trying to promote the fight. Everybody knows how big this fight is for me and for GGG. He's going for a record and I'm also going for a record -- to beat the baddest man on the planet. Just the thought of that alone is amazing.

"I have no excuses. People talk about taking the fight on short notice but we are ready. You could wake me up in my sleep and I am ready to fight. I've been doing this since I was 7 years old. We have been waiting for an opportunity like this and we are happy that Tom Loeffler and GGG (offered) it. I'm not afraid of Gennady. I'm psyched to fight him. This is why I became a fighter. I'm not the only one taking this fight on short notice. Everyone has a soft spot. I'll find his. I have no fear."Twelve years after announcing his retirement, multiple-time world champion and one of chess' greatest luminaries Garry Kasparov is ready to get back to the board. Kasparov, 54, will be competing in the St Louis rapid and blitz competition this August as a wild card entrant.

The $150,000 tournament will from run from August 14 to 19 and feature ten of the world's best players, including four wildcard picks. There will also be an interesting face-off between Viswanathan Anand and Kasparov, as the round-robin tournament will have them face each other three times across nine rapid games and 18 blitz games.

Of the 78 games they've played against each other, Kasparov has 27 wins against Anand's eight, with the remaining 43 ending in draws. The 1995 World Championship between them started with eight draws before Anand won game nine and Kasparov rebounded dominantly by winning four of the five remaining games to take the title.

While Kasparov, who rose to prominence when he became the youngest world champion at 22 in 1985 and went on to rule the game for two decades as the highest-ranked player, shed little light on the motivation behind the decision, he didn't hold back his excitement.

"Ready to see if I remember how to move the pieces! Will I be able to announce my re-retirement afterward if not?!", he tweeted. In another of his tweets, Kasparov took a swipe at his own comeback in characteristic style: "looks like I'm going to raise the average age of the field and lower the average rating."

Following his retirement in 2005, Kasparov immersed himself in the politics of native Russia, going on a vitriolic campaign against the policies of President Vladimir Putin, occasionally featuring in exhibition matches while tirelessly promoting the game. He even ran for the FIDE top job in 2014, pitting himself against incumbent president Kirsan Ilyumzhinov, but lost.The 2018 edition of WWE Backlash will take place on Sunday, May 6, at the Prudential Center in Newark, New Jersey. Below you'll find everything you need to know about that show, from results, to news, features, history and more.

Backlash 2018 match card

(c) - indicates defending champion

* - indicates Kickoff show match

WWE championship AJ Styles (c) vs. Shinsuke Nakamura Intercontinental championship Seth Rollins (c) vs. The Miz Raw women's championship Nia Jax (c) vs. Alexa Bliss SmackDown women's championship Carmella (c) vs. Charlotte Flair Braun Strowman & Bobby Lashley vs. Kevin Owens & Sami Zayn Daniel Bryan vs. Big Cass Roman Reigns vs. Samoa Joe * Bayley vs. Ruby Riott

Backlash 2018 news

Samos joe's life and career come full circle

Cheap Heat: GRR, Backlash and more!

A lackluster go-home SmackDown ahead of Backlash (SmackDown, May 1)

Consistent storytelling a challenge ahead of Backlash (Raw, April 30)

Greatest Royal Rumble results: Lesnar retains Universal title, Strowman wins Rumble

Greatest Royal Rumble preview

VIDEO: Ronda Rousey takes down Mickie James in a flash

'The land of opportunity' lives up to moniker with big nights for Big Cass, Gallows & Anderson and The IIconics (SmackDown April 24)

Ronda Rousey strikes again, secondary stars get chance to shine (Raw, April 23)

ESPN WWE Power Rankings: Daniel Bryan and Ronda Rousey debut, AJ Styles stays at No. 1

Superstar Shakeup offers bright future for SmackDown with Samoa Joe, Asuka, The Bar and more (SmackDown, April 17)

Jeff Hardy becomes a grand slam champion while Miz, Owens and more change brands (Raw, April 16)

Breaking down the best options for the WWE's Superstar Shakeup

VIDEO: Ronda Rousey thwarts Sonya Deville's attack

Carmella cashes in to become champion, Styles-Bryan main events SmackDown Live (SmackDown, April 10)

Monday Night Raw after WrestleMania falls a bit short, but still had plenty to off (Raw, April 9)

VIDEO: Ronda Rousey puts Stephanie McMahon in armbar

Backlash historySpeaking for the first time since his emotional press conference in Sydney more than a month ago, Australia's former vice-captain David Warner said he has "learned a valuable lesson" after the ball-tampering scandal in South Africa in March. Warner was banned from playing international and domestic cricket for a year along with Steven Smith, for their respective roles in tampering with the ball during the Cape Town Test.

"Sometimes with our society, something has to happen for the worst for people to come out and show a lot of support and I think I've learned a valuable lesson in this myself for the support I have been given to be on the front foot to help others," Warner told NT News on the sidelines of a cricket clinic he attended with children in Darwin.

"I think the biggest thing for us has been when you are in a routine you can get caught in a bubble - cricket, hotels, packing your bags, coming home. I've missed that part until now where the kids run up to the gate saying, 'Mummy and daddy are here', and I am really enjoying and embracing that."

Warner and Smith were later axed from the IPL and had accepted the sanctions handed to them by Cricket Australia. Cameron Bancroft, who was banned for nine months, also chose to not challenge the ban imposed on him.

Smith also thanked people publicly for their support on Friday, saying "I now have a lot to do to earn back your trust."Rupinder Kaur was particularly disappointed - perhaps almost as much as the competitors who missed out - at the conclusion of the selection trials for the Indian women's wrestling team for the Commonwealth Games. She had been rooting for one wrestler in particular, who ultimately didn't make the cut. "I was really hoping that Navjot Kaur would be selected to the Indian team," says Kaur.

Editor's Picks I was finally wrestling without fear: Navjot Kaur Navjot Kaur made history by becoming the first Indian woman to win Gold at Asian Wrestling Championships on Friday.

Repeat win over Maroulis confirms Dhanda's rise Pooja Dhanda's second victory over defending Olympic champion Helen Maroulis at the PWL means much more will be expected from her in the future. "This is only the start," she promises.

No 'Dangal', no problem: Dhanda scripts her own blockbuster at PWL Before wrestler Pooja Dhanda scripted her own underdog story against defending Olympic champion Helen Maroulis, she nearly starred in another -- one of the most iconic Indian sport movies of all time. 2 Related

Navjot, amongst India's most experienced wrestlers, would go on to become the first Indian woman to win gold at the Asian Championships last month. At the selection trials though, she was beaten to a spot in the team.

Rupinder, who will be representing Australia in the women's 50kg freestyle wrestling division at Gold Coast, wasn't awaiting the results in her role as a competitor. She had a more personal stake in the matter. "Navjot is a really close friend of mine. The two of us had been talking about the Commonwealth Games for many months now. I had been making plans on showing her the country for a few weeks after the games," says Kaur.

Rupinder's friendship with Navjot goes back a long way. Much before she became the premier Australian wrestler in her category or even before she arrived in the country in 2007. All the way back to before the turn of the century when she first started wrestling in the village of Anandpur Sahib in Tarn Taran, Punjab. Those were early days of women's wrestling in India, the events immortalized by the blockbuster Dangal were still a decade away.

Rupinder had been introduced to wrestling by a physical Instruction teacher at the Guru Arjan Dev School. But while the teenager was eager to learn a new sport and was backed by her father, the neighbours in the village weren't nearly as supportive.

Rupinder Kaur

"Back then, wrestling was still seen as something women weren't supposed to do. The first time I saw a wrestling costume, I was shocked. I couldn't imaging competing in public in a skin-tight dress. When I returned from training at the school, people would pass comments on what I was doing out so late," she recalls.

That she did continue wrestling was largely due to Navjot's family. "Their house was near the school. So when I had to train, I would go and stay at their home after school instead of having to come back to my own home," she says. The bond between the two would only grow stronger. "We supported each other and we became like sisters. We would go for weddings in each other's families too," she says.

By the time Navjot started wrestling, Rupinder-five years older-- was considered a senior. "I had started before her. So when Navjot started to wrestle, I would help her out. At the start, I was the one who coached her," she recalls.

Rupinder enjoyed her share of success. At 17, she won a silver medal at the National Games in Hyderabad in 2002. "I represented the Indian cadet team at a competition in Turkey where I won gold too," she recalls. But just when her career was about to take off, Rupinder decided to follow another path. "I thought I would go on and be a wrestler in India. I never really thought about going. A friend of mine really wanted to go to Australia and see the world. And she convinced me to join her too. So I came to Australia to study."

Rupinder had planned to continue her wrestling career too but found it harder than she expected. "In India I was used to concentrating entirely on wrestling. My family was always there to support me. In Australia I had to manage everything on my own. I had to find a place to wrestle, which took me nearly half a year. Then I had to study, then work at a job and only after that find a place to train."

It was a brutally punishing schedule. "I was sleeping maybe three or four hours a night for the first few years," she recalls. It was even harder when she missed out on the 2010 Commonwealth Games, where women's wrestling made it's debut. "When I first came to Australia, I thought I would study here for two years and then return to India and continue my wrestling career. So when I missed the Commonwealth Games, that too in India, I was very disappointed."

Rupinder Kaur

She did persist and was eventually granted Australian citizenship in 2012 and won her first national title that same year. Rupinder would also qualify for the 2014 Commonwealth Games, but a miscalculation in her weight cut saw her miss out on her preferred 48kg weight category. "Instead I participated in the 53kg weight division, but I did very poorly there."

Although she vowed to improve on that dismal performance, fate nearly decided otherwise once again. Having got married ahead of the Commonwealth Games, she delivered her first child - daughter Sahib - the following year. "I had Sahib through C section. At that point I thought my career was over once again. I was weighing nearly 70 kilos. But wrestling is such an important part of my life. Andar keeda jaise hai (as if there's a fire burning within me), so I thought let me give it another try."

The comeback trail was hard, although unlike the troublesome neighbours of her childhood, she only had curious kindergartners watching this time around. "I teach in a pre-school now. So all the children would point to the bruises on my face and ask where I got them." The hard work eventually payed off and Rupinder won the Australian National Championships in May 2017 to earn the right to represent her country once again at the Gold Coast Games.

She's giving this tournament her all. Daughter Sahib was sent back to India, so that she could focus entirely on the Commonwealth Games. At 33, she is amongst the oldest female competitors at Gold Coast and where she once felt she had given up her wrestling career by making the move to Australia, she now reckons it gave her a shot she might not have had if she stayed in India. "I look at all the girls who started wrestling with me and they all stay at home and look after their children. I have an opportunity to wrestle even today. If I had stayed in India, I wouldn't have had that opportunity."

She's had a bit of success heading into the tournament too. She won a bronze at the Commonwealth Championships in December after having participated in her maiden World Championships in August. She had met the Indian team there but her closest friend Navjot was absent on both ocassions. "The only time we could meet each other is during international competitions. So the other players of the Indian team would joke and tell me that my friend isn't coming to meet me."

It's going to be that way in Gold Coast too. But while Rupinder is focused on next month's competition, she has hopes to catch up with Navjot at the biggest stage of them all. "I've told her to stay strong and focused. She has plenty of talent and if my bones stay intact perhaps we could meet each other at the 2020 Olympics too."Springboks coach Rassie Erasmus talks about the importance of his team's coming Tests against Wales and England. (1:38)

Wales expect their end-of-season Test against South Africa in Washington D.C. to go ahead despite reports that it is under threat.

The two sides are due to meet at the RFK Stadium on June 2 ahead of Wales' tour of Argentina and the Springboks' home series against England.

However, according to the Daily Mail, low ticket sales and financial difficulties at Rugby International Marketing (RIM), the company that is staging the match, had put that in doubt.

RIM, a for-profit arm of USA Rugby that is part-funded by the Rugby Football Union and Harlequins, reportedly made a loss of £3 million (R51.7m) last year while 27,000 tickets need to be sold for the match to break even.

The Welsh Rugby Union (WRU), SA Rugby and RIM all remain confident, though, that the game will take place with the organisers insisting that over 12,000 tickets have already been sold.

"We are looking forward to playing South Africa in Washington D.C. on June 2 as part of our 2018 summer tour," a WRU spokesperson said.

Hadleigh Parkes scored two tries when Wales and South Africa met in Cardiff last December. Michael Steele/Getty Images

"Beyond the contracted game, we have a number of local activities planned during our week in the U.S. and we're confident the team will be great ambassadors for Welsh rugby."

It had been suggested that either South Africa or Wales could be asked to step aside so the other could play the USA Eagles.

While RIM board member Mark Lambourne admitted that a "healthy debate" had taken place at a USA Rugby meeting last month, he insisted that plans for the match remained on schedule.

"The ticket sales are currently tracking, with over 12,000 sold to date and it is still well over a month until Wales and South Africa meet at the RFK Stadium in Washington D.C," Lambourne said.

"Published USA Rugby minutes from last month transcribe the fact that a healthy debate was had about the game, with directors entirely within their rights to discuss the benefits for USA Rugby. For the elimination of any doubt, the fixture was since officially sanctioned and preparations are going ahead at full pace.

"We are all very much looking forward to welcoming Wales and the Springboks to Washington D.C. on June 2."Nisha Millet, one of the 14 members of the jury for the first ESPN India Awards, on her voting choices:

I think Male Sportsperson of the Year was quite an easy pick for me. Pankaj Advani has been one of the greatest players India has ever produced and was an obvious choice. Here's this guy who's just about in his 30s and an 18-time world champion, yet very few people have heard of him in his own country.

Editor's Picks Neeraj Chopra, Tejaswin Shankar & Co. star in most promising Tokyo Olympics prospect nominees Javelin-thrower Neeraj Chopra, high-jumper Tejaswin Shankar and wrestler Pooja Dhanda highlight our nominations for the Most Promising Tokyo Olympics prospect.

Comeback of the Year nominees: Super Mom Mary, Prannoy's incredible Indonesia Open run and more From HS Prannoy's wins against Lee Chong Wei and Chen Long to Mary Kom and Sushil Kumar's gold medal winning efforts, our comeback of the year nominations are not short on big names.

ESPN India Awards - Comebacks of the Year: Mary Kom and Sushil Kumar That Mary Kom and Sushil Kumar -- two of India's most accomplished Olympians -- are competing and winning where most of their contemporaries have retired is truly remarkable. 2 Related

I've known him from when he was much younger and I think it's his mental strength that separates him from everyone else. His anonymity probably has to do with the popular perception of billiards and snooker not being considered a sport, but if we can take into account disciplines like shooting or archery, which similarly have more to do with stillness, mental acumen and technique, then why treat cue sport any different?

For me, Pankaj is one of the unsung heroes of Indian sport, a great role model with no drama or controversies. He wins a world title, comes back to a small get-together with his family and friends and moves on to work on his next title.

Kidambi Srikanth was my second choice for his fabulous performances at Superseries events. I think he's one of our brightest prospects for a medal at the next Olympics.

For Female Sportsperson of the Year, it was most definitely PV Sindhu for all the medals at big events and just the way she has competed at the highest level. I think she's extremely smart as a player, someone who reads her opponents really well and puts a lot of thought into every shot. The epic, long rallies that she plays and lasts, and even if she's collapsing with fatigue, she fights for every single point.

I think the 'Target Tokyo' category was quite a thoughtful one. We have to be able to look ahead and focus since the Olympics is in in two years' time. I chose Neeraj Chopra because he's been in great form and just needs to keep it going.

For the differently-abled athlete category, I added one of my own choices - Niranjan Mukundan, who's a para-swimmer. He's among the top five in the world in his category and narrowly missed out of the last Paralympics because of some confusion in the categories. He suffers from a condition called Spina Bifida, which is a physical deformity involving the spinal cord, regardless of which he has won World Championship medals and I think he's a huge hope for Indian para sport.

The 'Comeback of the Year' category was my favorite and I couldn't think of anyone but Mary Kom. To be a professional athlete after three kids, still competing at the biggest tournaments, I think is just phenomenal. I'm a mother myself and I know what a herculean task it can possibly be to do what she's doing.

Cricket aside, few athletes, barring the elite ones, in India manage to earn a living by playing a sport so awards like these mean a lot. It's a way of telling them that their performances haven't gone unnoticed. I won the Arjuna Award when I was just 18 and later learnt that a lot of jury members actually weren't initially open to the idea of giving it to someone who's still in her teens. But then it was eventually overridden by the view that if you recognize someone when they are young, it might push them to work harder and do even better. And in my case, it really did.

(As told to Susan Ninan)

Nisha Millet was the first Indian woman to go under a minute in the 100m freestyle and was to dominate swimming in India through the 1990s. Her records in the 200m and 400m freestyle stayed for 15 years, and she represented India in the Asian Games, World Championships and the Olympics in Sydney in 2000. Since retiring in 2004, she has coached the next generation of young swimmers at her academy.Insider

Who's the best starting pitcher? The best reliever? The top third baseman? Left fielder? Catcher?

ESPN MLB Insider Buster Olney continues his annual tradition of ranking the top 10 players at every position and every position group.

(For more information on how to become an ESPN Insider -- if you're not one already -- scroll down this page.)

Top 10 starters

• Top starting pitchers: MLB's aces aren't extinct yet

Top 10 relievers

• Top relievers: Aroldis Chapman falls even as Yankees' bullpen rises

Top 10 catchers

• Top catchers: Young backstops challenge Posey's reign

Top 10 first basemen

• Top first basemen: Make way for a new generation of sluggers

Top 10 second basemen

• Top second basemen: Trust us, it's not just Jose Altuve 10 times

Top 10 shortstops

• Top shortstops: Are Lindor and Correa MLB's Magic and Bird?

Top 10 third basemen

• Top third basemen: Stars sizzle at the hot corner

Top 10 left fielders

• Top left fielders: Superstar shakeup has big names left out to dry

Top 10 center fielders

• Top center fielders: A new crew can't catch Mike Trout ... yet

Top 10 right fielders

• Top right fielders: Two biggest are Yanks, but are they better than Bryce?

Top 10 teams

• Top teams: Who's leading the way into the 2018 season?

Top 10 units

• Top units: Super teams dominate both sides of the ball'Being Serena' captures vulnerability, strength of Serena Williams

ANGELA WEISS/AFP/Getty Images The HBO documentary series "Being Serena" premieres May 2 at 10 p.m. ET.

By definition, nobody is like Serena Williams. Nobody else in the Open era has won 23 Grand Slams, and as far as we know, nobody else has won a Grand Slam while pregnant. But in "Being Serena," we're presented with a Serena Williams we haven't until now known, one who goes far beyond her larger-than-life public image to a woman who is imminently relatable, one who is surprisingly vulnerable, unsure of herself, scared.

"Being Serena," a five-part documentary series by HBO Sports, premieres Wednesday on HBO and offers an unprecedented look into the tennis legend's life and personal struggles. Williams has always been known publicly as a private and guarded person, understandable given the level of undue criticism, racism, sexism and body shaming to which she's been subjected since the very start of her career. In following her pregnancy, the birth of her first child, her impending wedding, her anxiety about motherhood and her postpartum journey back to tennis, the series opens the world to the woman within one of the greatest athletes of all time.

HBO has been particularly adept at gaining access to notoriously reserved sports stars. In 2011's "Derek Jeter 3K," the network gave audiences a similar look into Derek Jeter's life and home as the former Yankees shortstop was approaching his 3,000th hit. But what HBO has managed to achieve in "Being Serena" is even more impressive and impacting, capturing some of the most intimate moments in Williams's life, with cameras by her hospital bed as she undergoes a C-section and raw, tear-strewn interviews in which she recounts the life-threatening complications she endured post-labor.

The series premiere, "Fear," begins with Williams discovering she's pregnant just as she was starting the 2017 Australian Open, which she would win to capture her record-setting 23rd Grand Slam without dropping a set. "Deep down I know the reason she didn't drop a single set in the Australian Open is because she just wanted to get off the court as soon as possible, because she was looking out for the baby," Williams' now-husband, Alexis Ohanian, said in the series.

That episode captures a side of Williams we're not used to seeing. "There's no escaping the fear," she says in the series. "The fear that I might not come back as strong as I was. The fear that I can't be both the best mother and the best tennis player in the world."

Williams notes that fear has been a constant theme throughout her life and career. In fact, that fear is what helped her get to where she is today. "I came from Compton," she said. "There was a lot to be afraid of. There was a lot to run away from. But ultimately, that fear, it drove us forward."

Throughout the episode, Williams's attitude toward her pregnancy echoes her attitude toward her tennis, from that self-described fear to her need for perfection in everything, including decorating the baby's room, and motherhood itself. "I guess it's the same attitude I have in tennis -- I want to make sure I'm the best."

The episode ends with all other concerns falling to the wayside, as the baby's health becomes the primary concern. Fourteen hours after Williams and Ohanian arrived at the hospital to induce labor, the baby's vitals start to drop, and the need for a C-section increasingly becomes a reality. It was the last thing Williams and Ohanian wanted; with her history of blood clots, any surgery could be life-threatening.

"I was terrified. It was a whole new kind of fear," she said. "Tennis? I don't think it ever felt so far away. And I don't think my life ever felt so unsure."

The second episode of "Being Serena" is entitled "Strength," and captures Williams's remarkable fortitude amid both physical and emotional vulnerability. The thought of a C-section is daunting, but she's trying to find any type of control, any source of strength, for the sake of her daughter. "I want the first thing my baby sees when she looks up at her mom to be a strong woman," she says.

Perhaps the most emotional and intimate moment in the first two episodes is when the doctors deliver the baby and hold her up for Williams to see for the first time. She raises her hands to wave to her daughter before asking, "Is she OK?"

Much of the rest of the episode deals with the extreme complications Williams suffered as a result of her C-section. She couldn't breathe and was placed on oxygen. When her doctors had to reopen and restitch her, in true form, Williams took control and asked for a CAT scan to check for a pulmonary embolism, which she had had years before. Doctors found blood clots and inserted a filter to prevent them from reaching her heart.

After five days in and out of the operating room, Williams and her baby finally return home. Visibly drained, Williams walks into her house carrying a bassinet and says, "I'm supposed to be the strongest athlete, and I don't feel like it right now."

In the remainder of the episode, Williams looks toward her wedding and her comeback to tennis. Seven weeks after giving birth, she can finally hit tennis balls again, but the contact of ball and racket hurts, a sensation she's not used to. "I just feel out of shape," she says.

Despite the labor complications and the startling image of a physically weak Williams, her inner strength never wanes, even if her confidence is shaken. "As a mom myself, it's like a new kind of strength I have to get used to," she says.

In its first two episodes, "Being Serena" is an emotional and intimate profile of a woman whose headline presence tends to overshadow her humanity. While future episodes following her return to training might be of interest to most sports fans, it's those tiny moments captured, like when she's singing songs from the movie "Moana" to her baby, that make the series truly compelling.ABOUT COOKIES

We use cookies to help make this website better, to improve our services and for advertising purposes. You can learn more about our use of cookies and change your browser settings in order to avoid cookies by clicking here. Otherwise, we'll assume you are OK to continue.

ContinueSteven Gerrard did not back down from journalists' questions when asked about how he'll handle the pressure as Rangers boss. (2:10)

Celtic boss Brendan Rodgers welcomed rookie Rangers manager Steven Gerrard to the "land of no sleep" as his former captain began his tenure at Ibrox.

Gerrard, who worked under Rodgers at Anfield, signed a four-year deal and will be tasked with breaking Celtic's current dominance.

The Hoops' unbeaten run in Old Firm games under Rodgers was stretched to 11 last week as they wrapped up the seventh successive title with a 5-0 win over the Light Blues at Parkhead and they remain on course for an unprecedented successive domestic Treble.

Asked if Gerrard was ready for the move to Ibrox, Rodgers, said: "It's what you feel like, if you are ready or not. He has lived with expectation but of course it is different with management, especially up here with that rivalry.

"I always say when I welcome new managers into the job is, 'welcome to the land of no sleep.' It is a totally different experience. There is a curve of experience that you need to go through.

"I started at 35, I am 45 now and over 400 games later I am a much better manager I think than I was when I started. So you only get it through doing it.

"I am sure he will be looking forward to his first job and like I say, happy that he now enters into my world of coaching and managing."

Brendan Rodgers has had a hugely successful spell as Celtic manager. Ian MacNicol/Getty Images

Rodgers expressed delight at the prospect of coming up against Gerrard next season but insists his resolve to continue his success at Celtic Park will not be changed.

"No. Not at all. Our measure is always ourselves," he said. "I came in here a couple of years ago and the team was on a winning cycle and my job was to continue with that cycle and win in the best way that we possibly can.

"Over the last couple of years we have done okay, but we need to keep improving.

"There are a number of challenges. Aberdeen are in second position, Hibs have done really well this year so there is more than one challenge.

"But it doesn't make me focus any more or any less. This is a huge job, lots of expectations, lots of pressure but it is something I really enjoy.

"We still have a season to finish here and hopefully finish it well with more success and get a good break and look forward to the challenge of next year."The Golden Guardians are working on a transfer agreement with Team Liquid to acquire mid laner Son "Mickey" Young-min, sources close to both teams told ESPN.

Editor's Picks The 2018 League of Legends Hub The 2018 League of Legends Hub is your stop for all the information you need. You'll find stats, standings, results, recaps and more, all in one place.

Cal Berkeley to partner with NRG Esports NRG Esports and the San Francisco Shock will partner with University of California, Berkeley to launch a new community center and several esports initiatives on the university's flagship campus, NRG and the Shock told ESPN on Wednesday.

Seoul's dynasty is already starting to crumble The former Lunatic-Hai roster, complete with some marquee additions, looked like the clear favorite going into the inaugural season of the Overwatch League. But Seoul Dynasty, despite the hype, hasn't lived up to its name -- and it's only getting worse. 2 Related

If the deal goes through, Mickey would man the starting mid laner position on the Golden Guardians, replacing Hai "Hai" Du Lam.

Following a last-place finish in the League Championship Series in March, the team discussed moving Hai to the support role -- which he played previously in a short stint with Cloud9 -- but ultimately decided to retain support Matthew "Matt" Elento. The team then settled on Mickey as a desired replacement in the mid lane.

Team Liquid has signed former Frank Fang Gaming mid laner David "InsanityXXX" Challe to replace Mickey on its Academy roster, sources said. Mickey was initially hired by the Team Liquid organization in July to compete on its starting lineup, but was moved to its Academy roster in December after the team made acquisitions of players from Immortals, including star domestic mid laner Eugene "Pobelter" Park.

Since 2014, Mickey has competed in three different competitive regions. The 20-year-old got his start in China, where he played for Team WE Academy, before returning home to South Korea to play for the Rebels Anarchy (later renamed to the Afreeca Freecs) in 2015. In July, he moved to North America to compete for Liquid.

The Golden Guardians finished with the worst record (4-14) among league peers in their first split in the North American LCS. The organization earned a slot in the league in October when its parent organization, the Golden State Warriors, successfully applied for a franchise spot. The Warriors will owe a total of $13 million in franchise fees over the next few years as the Guardians continue to compete in the league.

Golden Guardians and Team Liquid declined to comment.While many decried Boston Uprising's roster when it was announced, the team continues to prove doubters wrong with stellar play. Emily Rand joins our Victoria Arlen to break down Boston's recent success. Thumb - any two shot of Emily and Victoria (2:51)

The Boston Uprising had a news and drama-filled week. The week started with the termination of top DPS player Jonathan "DreamKazper" Sanchez's contract. It followed with Boston pulling arguably the biggest upset of the season in a 3-2 win over the New York Excelsior Thursday and closed with the Uprising nearly allowing the Florida Mayhem to pull a bigger upset Saturday.

The week was a reflection of Boston's season. As an example, Boston has played five matches against New York and London. They have two wins against those teams (Houston is the only other team with multiple wins against that group - 3). However, in the three losses against those teams, they have a minus-10 map differential.

For every game like the win against the Excelsior, there has been a map like Boston's Stage 1 loss to the San Francisco Shock. Below is a look at how Boston overcame its difficulties to this point in the season.

The Positives

Boston Uprising's current win streak. ESPN Stats and Info

This is a team on the rise.

In the first eight weeks of the Overwatch League, the Uprising had two weeks where they swept their matches 2-0. In the last four weeks, Boston is on a league-best eight-match win streak.

Uprising Industries/The Temple of Uprising

The introduction of Volskaya Industries in the map pool for Stages 2 and 3 has done the Uprising wonders along with the reintroduction of the Temple of Anubis in Stage 3. Combined, Boston is 14-0 on those maps (7-0 on each), tied for the second-most wins without a loss on a single map in the Overwatch league.

Taking advantage of "Mistakes"

With DreamKazper out of the picture, Boston only has two DPS players on its roster: Nam-joo "Striker" Kwon and Stanislav "Mistakes" Danilov. Striker has played 88 percent of his time on Tracer and performed very well. This likely leaves Mistakes as the team's new flex DPS. The problem with that is that before the Overwatch League, 100 percent of his playtime with Team Russia in the Overwatch World Cup and 123 (his old team) was on Tracer.

In his first two full matches with the Uprising this past week, Mistakes had a chance to show what other characters he could play. Of the seven different DPS heroes he ended up playing (Genji, Soldier: 76, Widowmaker, Junkrat, Mccree, Sombra, and Tracer) it was with Sombra that he had the most success with. According to Winston's Lab, Sombra was his only hero to receive a player rating above 1,000. He also produced his highest kill-to-death ratio (1.69) in Week 2 on Sombra.

Boston's been pretty good on a few maps. ESPN Stats and Info

According to Winston's Lab, through the first two stages, Sombra had a pick rate below five percent (4.86). Since the start of Stage 3 that percentage has more than tripled to 17.7 percent. A big reason for this are the changes Sombra received at the start of Stage 3. The cast time of her hack ability fell and the spread on her machine pistol narrowed. She also no longer gains ultimate charge from hacked health packs, but it seems like teams see her as an overall improved hero in Stage 3, which plays right into the hands of the Uprising's new starting DPS.

According to Winston's Lab, Mistakes' 1,216 rated Sombra is the highest in the league. With Mistakes on the Sombra, the Uprising have won 64.4 percent of their team fights, second highest by any player on any hero with a minimum of an hour of playtime (Space - D.Va; 68.9 percent). When Mistakes uses Sombra's ultimate ability (EMP) that percentage jumps up to 73.3 percent, tied with Fleta for the highest percentage among Sombra players.

Boston currently sits in fourth place in the overall league standings. They have done this without the presence of a "star" player. Through this week and according to Winston's Lab, Boston is the only team currently in playoff position that does not have a player ranked inside the top 10 overall (minimum 15 hours playtime).

Out of the four most-played heroes in the Overwatch League (D.Va, Zenyatta, Winston, Tracer), the Uprising have few standouts. According to Winston's Lab, Young-jin "Gamsu" Noh also ranks seventh out of 11 Winston players with at least 10 hours of playtime. Lucas "NotE" Meissner ranks sixth out of 11 D.Va players with at least 10 hours of playtime. Se-hyeon "Neko" Park ranks fifth out of 11 Zenyatta players with at least 10 hours players. Striker, arguably the team's best player, ranks third out of 9 Tracer players with 10 hours playtime.

The Uprising will likely need to rely on the play of Striker's Tracer and superior teamwork to take them to the next level and possibly a stage or league championship.Perennially just on the outside looking in at the NA LCS Finals, Team Liquid was finally able to break through for its first ever championship, in no small part due to several high-priced additions. (3:01)

MIAMI -- When Yiliang "Doublelift" Peng joined Team Liquid near the end of the 2017 North American League of Legends Championship Series Spring Split, he was a mercenary.

With Liquid nearing relegation and needing a savior, it looked toward the famous American AD carry to salvage a lost season. Although Doublelift helped the sinking longtime organization, he was merely a passerby who rejoined Team SoloMid and won his third domestic championship later in the year.

Editor's Picks Liquid beats 100 Thieves to win NA LCS Spring Split AD carry Yiliang "Doublelift" Peng led Team Liquid to a 3-0 sweep of 100 Thieves in the North American League of Legends Championship Spring Split finals on Sunday in Miami.

Fnatic unstoppable in EU LCS grand finals match against G2 There was no stopping Rekkles as he utterly decimated G2 Esports in teamfights.

LoL: Invictus Gaming ends regular season on a high note There's no stopping Rookie and Invictus Gaming. With the playoffs set to begin next week, who can give the first seed a run for its money? 2 Related

"There are three pretty big problems [for TL]," Doublelift said a year ago following his return to the NA LCS after a short sabbatical. "I feel like everyone on Team Liquid, because they haven't been doing well and having good results, they don't play with their teammates. And I don't think it's like, 'I don't trust this guy to play this well.' It's [more] like they don't consider their teammates are tools for them to use."

A year later, playing in front of a packed crowd at the Fillmore in Miami Beach, Doublelift stood not as a hired hand, but as the heart and soul of the new Team Liquid.

Following one of the most dominant finals victories in league history, a 3-0 sweep of 100 Thieves, the AD carry many thought might miss the tournament due to the death of his mother a week prior was giving top lane teammate Jung "Impact" Eon-yeong a piggyback ride and smiling from ear to ear. This win wasn't for himself, but for his team, the one that had his back from the start of the split in a revenge match against Team SoloMid to the final Nexus push in the victory over the Thieves.

"It's such a fleeting feeling to win now ... I think you get diminishing returns every time you win, but when I win with a new team, the thing that really makes me happy is seeing how happy my teammates are," Doublelift said while watching from the second floor of the Fillmore as fans pressed on the glass from the outside, hoping to get a chance to see the AD carry before he departed into the night to celebrate. "Right after Game 3, I felt kinda numb that we won -- I was really excited that we won -- but then I looked over at [Kim] 'Olleh' Joo-sung, and he was getting emotional, like he was tearing up a little bit because he was so happy he had won, and I feel like those moments for me are what I'm going to remember."

Yiliang "Doublelift" Peng will be joined by a cast of veterans at the Mid-Season Invitational. Provided by Riot Games

Over the course of the playoffs, no player was as good as Doublelift. He entered the final with a 39 KDA over his first two matches. In Miami, it was the same story: Doublelift won the matchup over his former support, Zaqueri "Aphromoo" Black, the NA LCS regular-season MVP. And Doublelift helped his new bot-lane partner, Olleh, win the first major championship in his career.

Last year, Doublelift was alone on Team Liquid, there only to try to prop up a team that was already fractured. Now, he's surrounded by players he can rely on during the tough times.

"Olleh, day to day, just hanging out with him, we don't really have that much in common. We're really different people," Doublelift said. "But it's the experiences that we go through together that we can share, and over time, I think we've just gotten better and better with each other. And I remember early on in the split when I was really tilted at him and was so frustrated and he -- like the experience I remember the most was -- he talked to me and was like, 'Peter, I don't like it when you get really tilted and frustrated. It makes me feel unconfident and feel bad. And it's OK if you have criticism for me, but just try not to [shift the blame onto me].'

"I instantly gained 1,000 percent respect for him because he called me out on my s---, which I really respect. And he had the courage to, like, be open with his feelings ... and I don't even think I have the strength to do that to people. As the split goes on, we have tough losses and great wins, and the longer I play with him, the more I understand him and the closer we got."

Although the road to the lifting of the trophy and the dropping of the commemorative on the surface appeared easy -- a 9-1 playoff record, a quick and tidy 3-0 final -- it was anything but.

Before the season even began, expected head coach Dennis "INTERNETHULK" Hawelka passed away. Then, the team hit a slump in the middle of the split and was on the verge of not even making the playoffs. Team Liquid didn't lock up its playoff spot until the final week of the season.

But from there, it looked easy, just like Liquid's matches did on Sunday, when it won its first league championship and became the fourth franchise to ever hoist a domestic trophy in NA LCS history. The team will also get to go to the Mid-Season Invitational for the first time as a result and represent North America at the event this May in Europe.

That, too, will be a chance for Doublelift to make some new memories to go with the ones he picked up Sunday in Miami.

"I'm not going to remember how much adrenaline I had or how fast my heart was racing," he said. "I'm going to remember the feeling of how loud the crowd was and that they were chanting my name and that Olleh was tearing up because he was so happy that he had won. And those things to me, I think I'm going to remember that for the rest of my life."DeAndre Yedlin has told ESPN FC that Rafa Benitez has united the club and the city to silence Newcastle's critics this season.

United States star Yedlin backed Benitez as a contender for manager of the season after the former Liverpool boss led Newcastle to four straight wins over March and April to guarantee their Premier League safety with five games to spare.

The Magpies won the Championship last season but Benitez was not backed in the transfer market by Mike Ashley, the club's owner, and they made just three loan signings in January, despite repeated calls from the Spaniard for reinforcements.

"He could definitely be in contention for [manager of the season]," Yedlin said. "Obviously the manager that wins the league is going to be the big name in it but given the expectations people had for our team this year...

"A lot of people wrote us off, a lot of people said we'd go straight back down, they said we didn't get many people in in the summer, we had the same squad as last year -- a Championship squad. They said this and that.

"I think we've proved a lot of people wrong and a big part of that is Rafa. He's worked very well with every single player on the team. He's kept us together, kept the city together and that's a big reason why we are where are in the table right now.

"Rafa understands that every single player is different and every different player needs different things. He connects with everybody on a personal level and as a manager nowadays you need to have that in your arsenal. He's improved me massively, 100 percent, since my first day here. I'm really excited and really fortunate to be working under him."

DeAndre Yedlin has been a consistent member of the Newcastle side. Photo by Serena Taylor/Newcastle United via Getty Images

Asked if the scepticism had impacted the squad, Yedlin said: "People are going to have their opinions, people are going to say what they want, especially over social media. It doesn't really bother me or anybody on the team. We try to go out and do what we knew we could do.

"We could be even higher than we are now. We've made mistakes, we've got through runs this year where we could have nicked a point here, or got three points there. For the expectations that people had for us, we've proved them wrong."

Benitez has been tentatively linked with a new job in the summer, including at London pair Arsenal and West Ham, but Yedlin feels it is essential for Newcastle that he stays at St. James' Park to continue to rebuild the club.

"It's important," the right-back said. "You see what he's done in the last few years. There's a sense of unity now -- within the club, within the players, from the players to the fans.

"We feel it as players, the fans feel it and it's a great feeling that has helped us reach the levels we've reached. To keep building on that, it's important he stays so we can built on it more."

Yedlin moved to English football and Tottenham from his hometown of Seattle in summer 2015 but spent just a year in London before joining Newcastle's north-east rivals Sunderland on loan for the 2015-16 season.

He is now approaching the end of his second full season on Tyneside and says he has found a home at the club and in the city, which he prefers to the English capital.

"I grew up in Seattle and it's a bit quieter, a bit more relaxed," Yedlin said. "And when I moved to London, I thought it'd be great -- you know, big city London! But I actually found it pretty difficult. I wasn't used to it.

"I've found more of a home here in Newcastle. It's more like Seattle. It's more relaxed, the people are more friendly. It's been great.

"It really is a unique place -- it's like nowhere else in England I've been. They've got their own type of people, their own little language up here, which I still struggle to understand. It's a great place. It's lively.

"And then obviously you've got support from the Geordies, the Toon Army, which is second to none. I've found my experience up here unbelievable and hopefully I'll be here a long time."ABOUT COOKIES

We use cookies to help make this website better, to improve our services and for advertising purposes. You can learn more about our use of cookies and change your browser settings in order to avoid cookies by clicking here. Otherwise, we'll assume you are OK to continue.

ContinueTyson Fury has questioned Anthony Joshua's decision not to accept a $50 million (£35.9m) offer to fight Deontay Wilder.

Wilder (40, 39 KOs), who currently holds the WBC heavyweight belt, e-mailed Joshua's promoter Eddie Hearn last week with the offer to fight before the end of the year.

Editor's Picks Fury: Belts don't matter, Bellew-Haye are 'bums' Tyson Fury has insisted becoming a world champion again is not his motivation to return to boxing while also branding fellow competitors Tony Bellew and David Haye as "bums".

However, Joshua's team refused the proposition due to not knowing the contractual conditions of the offer, including the intricacies of TV broadcasting and the location of the fight.

Despite Hearn attempting to organise a meeting to discuss these finer details, Wilder's team is said to have not co-operated thus far and subsequently nothing has materialised yet. Now Fury has questioned his British rival's motives.

"It's a lot of money if it's a genuine offer, which I believe it is," Fury told ESPN. "Then how much do they want?

"How greedy can one man be? 50 million isn't good enough? Well, good luck to him, I hope he gets 250 million.

"I don't know what's going on. We're prize fighters. We boxed for free once upon a time. I'm sure it's not [just] about the money."

Fury (25-0, 18KOs) also had his say on the potential fight, stating the winner will be "whoever lands first."

The Manchester boxer is set to make his own return to boxing on June 9 against a currently unnamed opponent.

"Whoever it is infront of me, I'm sure I'll deal with them very well," Fury added. "It's not of any importance who the opponent is."The Overwatch League Power Rankings roll on as LA Valiant push their way into the Top 5. Emily Rand joins Phil Murphy to reveal which team fell out of the rankings, as well as a new challenger to NYXL at the top spot. (4:53)

London Spitfire 4 - San Francisco Shock 0

The London Spitfire picked up a 4-0 sweep of the San Francisco Shock to open up Saturday's Overwatch League slate at Blizzard Arena in Burbank, California.

Editor's Picks OWL: Boston's win streak stretches to 12 The Boston Uprising's on a winning streak Tom Brady would be proud of after a 4-0 sweep of the Dallas Fuel on Friday at Blizzard Arena.

New faces vying for Overwatch League stage playoff spots The typical dominance of teams with all-South Korean rosters seems to have waned at the start of Stage 3. This has opened the door for teams that haven't seen much time at the top of the standings.

Overwatch League Power Rankings through April 23 NYXL stays on top, but with Boston playing out of its mind, how long until there's a new king of the East Coast? 2 Related

After playing four straight five-game sets, London got the chance to flex a bit against San Francisco in this series. For all the good that San Francisco has done thus far in Stage 3, it looked wholly inept against the Spitfire on Saturday afternoon.

Despite London still playing without star DPS Kim "birdring" Ji-hyeok, who is nursing a wrist injury, the Spitfire seemed to not miss a single beat in this series. The DPS duo of Park "Profit" Joon-yeong and Lee "Hooreg" Dong-eun looked incredible, switching off between playing Widowmaker and Tracer at various points in the series and wreaking havoc on the Shock. While teams usually tend to have players stick to a single hero of the two, the London pair kept San Francisco guessing at every moment.

While the Shock has shown some major strides here in Stage 3, the team looked like it was back to Stages 1 and 2 levels of ineptitude in this series. Its reliance on DPS Park "Architect" Min-ho was exploited to the fullest extent by the veteran South Korean squad. London made sure to focus the Shock DPS player down at every turn, and with him neutralized, San Francisco couldn't come up with another option. Not even fan-favorite DPS Jay "sinatraa" Won could save the day, as the Shock only managed two point captures across all four games. Adjustments need to be made soon, or the Shock will be forced to watch its Stage 3 playoff hopes slip away.

The San Francisco Shock will look to rebound against the Houston Outlaws at 11 p.m. ET on Wednesday, while the Spitfire will take part in showdown against the Seoul Dynasty at 11 p.m. ET on Friday.

-- Wyatt Donigan

New York Excelsior 4 - Seoul Dynasty 0

In a clash of South Korean teams, the New York Excelsior decimated the Seoul Dynasty in 4-0 fashion on Saturday in Burbank, California.

While the Excelsior isn't in first place in the Stage 3 standings, New York showed Saturday why it is still one of the best teams in the Overwatch League. Different players took turns carrying New York from map-to-map, showing how many superstars this squad has. In Game 1 on Volskaya Industries, the front line showed up strong, with main tank Kim "Mano" Dong-gyu's Winston leaping around and dictating fights on Point B. Next on Numbani, it was DPS duo Park "Saebyeolbe" Jong-yeol and Kim "Libero" Hye-sung who popped off as Tracer and Genji, respectively. Not to be outdone, hitscan DPS specialist Kim "Pine" Do-hyeon and the MVP candidate support Bang "JJoNak" Sung-hyeon took over Games 3 and 4.

After winning a come-from-behind win against the Philadelphia Fusion on Thursday, the Dynasty seemed to have righted the ship after a inconsistent Stage 3, but Seoul seemed just a step behind New York throughout this series.

From worse ultimate economy management to lacking the raw mechanical advantage that the Excelsior had, Seoul just got outclassed. The upside for the Dynasty is that it kept relatively even on some of the maps while showing a level of tactical awareness that has seemingly gone missing the past few weeks. Perhaps this Dynasty team isn't the best in the league, but teams should still be wary of sleeping on Seoul.

New York looks to continue its winning ways against the Dallas Fuel at 11 p.m. ET on Thursday, while the Dynasty gears up to take on the London Spitfire at 11 p.m. ET on Friday.

-- Noah Waltzer

Philadelphia Fusion 3 - Shanghai Dragons 2

The Philadelphia Fusion struggled but won a close 3-2 series against the Shanghai Dragons on Saturday night at Blizzard Arena in Burbank, California.

In what should have been a one-sided match, the Fusion stumbled as the Dragons took the series all the way to a fifth map. Before now, Shanghai had steadily been gaining steam by taking a single map off various teams like the Boston Uprising and Seoul Dynasty. The team seemingly put all its progress together and took one of the top teams in the Overwatch League to a Game 5 on Saturday, which is an impressive achievement in its own right and deserves every bit of recognition, even if it did end in a loss for the Dragons.

Shanghai main tank Lee "Fearless" Eui-seok was the top player for Shanghai in this series. True to his namesake, he is 100 percent dive whether or not his team follows up with him; that's always been a double-edged sword for the Dragons, but without his dives causing chaos in the backline of the Fusion, Shanghai would've had no chance of winning both Blizzard World and Junkertown.

At the same time, the Fusion didn't play perfectly, which allowed the Dragons a lot of leeway to take advantages wherever it could find them. Unsurprisingly, it was the Fusion DPS duo of Lee "Carpe" Jae-hyeok and Josh "Eqo" Corona who brought the Fusion back from the brink of defeat on the final map, Oasis. Eqo's Pharah especially demolished the Dragons on both points to help bring a sudden end to such a high-tension series. This match, however, made one thing certain: Shanghai is not a team to be taken lightly, and it is starting to gain the chemistry needed to get close to that elusive first win.

The Fusion will face off with the Dallas Fuel at 7 p.m. ET on Wednesday. The Dragons will appear on stage again against the New York Excelsior at 9 p.m. ET on Friday.

-- Steven NguyenInsider

Who are the best prospects in the 2018 NBA draft?

You can find our updated top 100 rankings here throughout the season.After years of either wilful or inadvertent ignorance, Australia have recognised the need for a change in attitude for the benefit of their most influential stakeholders: their fans

The fast bowler counted South Africa's first Test series wins in England and Australia since readmission as the highlights of his international career, and the 2015 World Cup semi-final defeat as a significant low point

Defeated in the first Test in Durban, South Africa shut out the noise and put in the hard work necessary to achieve a historic victory against Australia

ABOUT COOKIES

We use cookies to help make this website better, to improve our services and for advertising purposes. You can learn more about our use of cookies and change your browser settings in order to avoid cookies by clicking here. Otherwise, we'll assume you are OK to continue.

ContinuePRAGUE -- Second-seeded Petra Kvitova advanced to the final of the Prague Open by beating Zhang Shuai 7-6 (6), 6-0 Friday.

Trailing 5-1, the two-time Wimbledon champion rallied before dominating the second set on the way to her 30th career final. Kvitova has not yet dropped a set in her debut in the tournament.

The Czech player will next face seventh-seeded Mihaela Buzarnescu of Romania, who rallied to defeat Camila Giorgi of Italy 4-6, 6-3, 7-5.

Kvitova is seeking her 23rd WTA title and third this year. Buzarnescu has yet to win a WTA tournament.Despite rumors of a return to the UFC Octagon, Brock Lesnar is staying put in the WWE -- at least for now.

In a statement released Monday, WWE announced that Lesnar had re-signed with the company and will next perform in a match on April 27 at the "Greatest Royal Rumble" event in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia, defending the Universal championship against Roman Reigns inside of a steel cage.

Editor's Picks Ten burning questions the WWE has to address after WrestleMania 34 The WWE faces a lot of challenges in setting up the future on Monday Night Raw and SmackDown after WrestleMania 34. We tackle 10 of the most burning questions that will come to define the rest of 2018 (and beyond) in the world of WWE.

WrestleMania 34 recap - Ronda shines in debut, Charlotte ends Asuka's streak, new champs galore Ronda Rousey shined in her WrestleMania debut, Daniel Bryan brought back the YES movement and a number of titles changed hands at WrestleMania 34.

White: Lesnar's chance of return 'very good' UFC president Dana White says the chances of former heavyweight champion Brock Lesnar rejoining UFC are "very, very, very good." 2 Related

Terms of Lesnar's new contract were not released, and it is not known how the deal will affect his future with the UFC. Lesnar has crossed over and fought in the UFC while under contract with the WWE before, including in his last MMA fight, when he faced Mark Hunt at UFC 200 in July 2016.

Lesnar defeated Hunt by decision, but that result was changed to no contest when Lesnar tested positive for clomiphene. If he were to return to MMA, Lesnar would still have to re-enter the USADA testing pool and serve out the last six months of his suspension.

As recently as Friday, at the UFC's 25th anniversary news conference, UFC president Dana White spoke about Lesnar's status with the company.

"He's still under contract with the UFC, but we haven't signed him to a fight," White said. "He's still under contract with us, too -- he still has fights left on his deal. He's gotta get back into the USADA pool."

White also said it was possible that Lesnar could face the winner of the July 7 UFC heavyweight championship fight between Stipe Miocic and Daniel Cormier at UFC 226.

Speculation about Lesnar's return to the UFC gained traction in late February when White, appearing on Kevin Harvick's SiriusXM NASCAR Radio show, said there was a "very, very, very good" chance that Lesnar would return to the UFC . Last Wednesday, White appeared on Fox Sports' "UFC Tonight" and reiterated his confidence in a Lesnar return to the UFC.

"Yeah, Brock Lesnar's coming back," White said on the show. "I don't know when, but yes he is."

Lesnar's history with the WWE goes back almost two decades. After his collegiate wrestling career at the University of Minnesota concluded, Lesnar signed his first WWE contract in 2000 and remained with the company through March 2004. After a failed attempt to enter the NFL with the Minnesota Vikings, Lesnar eventually made his way to the UFC and made his debut in February 2008. In his fourth professional fight, Lesnar defeated UFC Hall of Famer Randy Couture to become UFC heavyweight champion. His MMA record stands at 5-3 with one no contest.

He returned to the WWE in April 2012 and has been under contract with the company ever since.

Lesnar appeared at WWE's WrestleMania 34 show in New Orleans on Sunday night and performed in the show's closing match against Reigns.There was little to suggest, through the week, at the Karnataka State Billiards Association (KSBA) in central Bengaluru that a World Championship was underway. Despite some of the game's best players in the house, the playing hall was largely empty and quiet; except for the final, which was packed, there were fewer than a dozen spectators - and half of those were invariably players' families.

The answer possibly lies with the sport in question - Billiards.

At a time when sport is being tweaked to fit capsule-sized formats, and keeping in mind decreasing audience attention spans, billiards sticks to tradition: Players dressed in waistcoat and bowtie, matches sometimes lasting seven hours long. Billiards evolved from a lawn game similar to croquet played in the 15th century, and doesn't seem to have changed much since then.

Editor's Picks 'Relieved' Advani wins 12th billiards crown Pankaj Advani added to his trophy cabinet by beating defending champion Peter Gilchrist 6-3 in the final of the World Billiards Championship (points format) in Bengaluru on Monday.

Its younger cousin, snooker, ticks the right boxes. It's faster, uses more balls (15 as opposed to the three of billiards) and generally enjoys a wider profile across the globe. In Myanmar, for example, snooker is the growing sport; billiards languishes in obscurity. "Youngsters in Myanmar take to snooker a lot more than they do to billiards," Myanmar's highest-ranked billiards player Aung Htay told ESPN at the World Championships. "Billiards is viewed as old fashioned."

It seems almost everyone in the game agrees with that, but nothing has been done about it. "The rules of the sport have to be tweaked," says reigning national billiards champion and this year's World Championship silver medallist Sourav Kothari. "Billiards is getting monotonous, especially the long format. You have to jazz it up, bring more noise into the sport." The absence of a marketable star with a magnetic personality - someone who would venture beyond the staid and predictable, and maybe even engage in the occasional trash talk to fan viewer interest - has also hurt the sport. Pankaj Advani, one of its bigger stars, is reticent, non-controversial and anything but pompous of his achievements. Rivalries in sport work like a charm. There's very little of it in cue sport. The ones that exist aren't storied or publicized enough. "We need a couple of good rivalries to latch on to people's imagination," feels Geet Sethi.

"The absence of a marketable star with a magnetic personality - someone who would venture beyond the staid and predictable, and maybe even engage in the occasional trash talk to fan viewer interest - has also hurt the sport."

A primary concern for the sport is its lack of television coverage. A crushing blow in frenzied times such as these. The reason again lies in the sport itself: not being spectator-friendly enough. Talking to ESPN, Peter Gilchrist admits despite decent attempts at making the game shorter, little has changed. "We've tried everything: 50-up, 100-up, 150-up, points format, time format but unfortunately there's still no people. We probably need a bunch of girls in bikinis," he says, over a laugh, "At least it worked for beach volleyball."

While shorter formats, like the 100-up, which essentially means a player would have to first score over 100 points to win a frame in a usually best of five frame format which can last anywhere between 45 minutes to an hour are more popular among a wider base, it hasn't really translated into tangible numbers for the sport.

Geet Sethi, easily India's most celebrated name in billiards, argues that the relevance of the sport in the 21st century isn't a fair question, choosing instead to focus on the factors which contribute to its 'peripheral' status. "To make billiards spectator friendly is a tough call," he says, "Given that we've tried the shorter formats as well. Take a sport like shooting or archery for instance. They're really boring to watch and anything but spectator-friendly, but being a part of the Olympics has changed the dynamics. We need to be back in the Asian Games at least, to start with."

Geet Sethi in action during the 2008 championships in Bangalore: Sethi feels billiards needs a couple of good rivalries to latch on to people’s imagination. DIBYANGSHU SARKAR/AFP/Getty Images

Cue sports were part of the Asian Games from the 1998 Bangkok edition, but were dropped at the 2014 Games in Guangzhou due to financial constraints. It does not feature in the Commonwealth Games either. That makes the Olympics a pretty long shot. "Getting into the Asian Games would be a huge boost and would lead to a revival. The future of billiards, I feel, lies in making a comeback at the Asian Games, which would be fantastic. Or else we would be plodding along like we currently are," adds Gilchrist, agreeing with Sethi.

One way, Kothari suggests, of making the game more interesting is by adding a circle somewhere on the table, either by way of a thin round film or a laser beam. "We could say that if there's any ball in that circle and you score points from there you get 30 extra points," he says, "The circle could be put in a very difficult spot in the table, where the ball cannot go too often, maybe inside the D and we could have a blue ball as one of the strikers instead of having a spotted white and spotted yellow one. If the ball stops inside a particular circle, you lose a point that you scored or if it stops inside a particular zone you lose your visit and a certain number of points. We need to change the way viewers see the game. We need to make it more colorful. Maybe the white can be done away with totally and we could have a green or blue striker instead."

Ascribing billiards' sagging interest to a sea change in the sponsorship scenario, Gilchrist says that through the 1990s when ITC sponsored billiards events, there was money in the sport. "Since tobacco sponsorship ended, billiards too is more or less gone," he adds. ITC was known to have spent close to Rs 250 crore annually in sponsoring cricket, golf, billiards, tennis and horse racing events before pulling out in 2001 following the central government's decision to ban advertising and promotion of tobacco products. It did, however, return following a three-year hiatus to hold the 2005 Sunfeast Open tennis tournament in Kolkata. "Billiards needs an influx of cash to pick up. It's not really a spectator sport. It's more of a strategic game and the best players make it look far too easy," says Gilchrist, who won his first world title in 1994.

"Billiards needs an influx of cash to pick up. It's not really a spectator sport. It's more of a strategic game and the best players make it look far too easy." Peter Gilchrist

While a snooker and pool league is in the works for a possible March 2017 launch in India, billiards isn't part of the plan. Hosting the ongoing World Championship cost the Billiards and Snooker Federation of India (BSFI) close to Rs 70 lakhs, out of which the primary sponsor, Karnataka Tourism, paid Rs 15 lakhs. "The lacunae lies within the federation itself," says BSFI secretary G Balasubramaniam, "We are unable to promote the event (World Billiards Championship) because of our limitations. Private sponsorship is little. What is worrying is that even for a big-ticket snooker event like the Indian Open, which is beamed live and well-promoted it is very difficult to find willing sponsors."

Earlier this month, the sports ministry in association with the BSFI inaugurated a billiards academy at the Talkatora stadium in New Delhi and the idea, Balasubramaniam adds, is to replicate the effort in five centres across the country. "It is divided into two sections: one for beginners and the other for players," he says, "It's been less than a fortnight so far and the numbers are on the rise in the beginners section. Also our application for promotion of billiards in schools and colleges is pending."

Peter Gilchrist in action during the 2008 championship in Bangalore: Gilchrist feels the future of billiards lies in making a comeback at the Asian Games. DIBYANGSHU SARKAR/AFP/Getty Images

An oft-talked about disincentive of the sport is its need for infrastructure to be played: Table, balls, cue, unlike say football or cricket. The accessibility to such facilities being limited to high-end social clubs or pool parlours makes it instantly unappealing to a large section of people. The jury has also been long out on the need for the sport to shed its bowtie-waistcoat dress code and become more casual, funky, colorful and most importantly, relatable. Kothari, though feels the sport is synonymous with its look. "I like the waistcoat, maybe not the bowtie. It adds to the grace of the game." Gilchrist had a more ingenious idea to offer. "We should probably turn up in trunks," he says, cracking up.

While billiards' future, some might suggest, hinges on its ability to reinvent and package itself better, Sethi has a word of faith. "There will be periods when we'll have brilliant players, good rivalry and it will become popular. Then we'll go through a lull phase. It could be alternating decades possibly," he says.

"Billiards is a great survivor."The National Federation of State High School Associations and esports startup PlayVS have partnered to help the association's 19,000 member schools establish high school-level esports programs, the two parties announced Thursday.

Editor's Picks Cal Berkeley to partner with NRG Esports NRG Esports and the San Francisco Shock will partner with University of California, Berkeley to launch a new community center and several esports initiatives on the university's flagship campus, NRG and the Shock told ESPN on Wednesday.

Seoul's dynasty is already starting to crumble The former Lunatic-Hai roster, complete with some marquee additions, looked like the clear favorite going into the inaugural season of the Overwatch League. But Seoul Dynasty, despite the hype, hasn't lived up to its name -- and it's only getting worse.

Sources: Golden Guardians in talks to acquire Mickey If the deal is completed, Son "Mickey" Young-min would man the starting mid laner position on the Golden Guardians, replacing the previous mid laner, Hai "Hai" Du Lam. 2 Related

The NFHS will work with member associations to begin a rollout of PlayVS-operated esports tournaments beginning in October. Interested school districts will be required to pay a monthly membership fee of $16 and provide both computer systems and internet infrastructure required to participate in the event. NFHS CEO Mark Koski said he anticipates 18 to 20 states will participate in the inaugural 2018-19 season.

"There are states that are 'show me' states that will want to see something happen over the next year or two," Koski said, "and as things are successful, the goal will be to have all 51 in the long run."

The PlayVS competitions will run in two separate seasons throughout each school year. The first will begin in October and run through January, with the second taking place in February through May. These individual tournaments will feed into a playoff bracket that leads to a state championship.

PlayVS will also run summer tournaments for students outside of school, but these will not contribute to their state championship race.

Game titles for the competitions have yet to be selected, but PlayVS CEO Delane Parnell said the company will take its players' ages into account.

"We focus less on game and more on genre," Parnell said. "First off, we're doing no shooting games: no third-person, not first-person shooting, no battle royale, as much as that sucks, because the contents of the games are not friendly in a high school environment. We're sensitive to all of the issues around violence in schools, and we do not want to promote that for the foreseeable future.

"We are very much focused on multiplayer online battle arenas, fighting and sports. We think those genres work, and there will be other genres we expand to as new genres grow within esports. Our entire system is designed to be plug-and-play, so as new games come out, we can plug that game in."

The league might act as a feeder program as well. Around 65 U.S. colleges have expanded to offer scholarship-sponsored esports programs, according to previous ESPN reporting. Additionally, game developers such as Riot Games, Blizzard Entertainment and others have hosted their own collegiate esports competitions in League of Legends, Overwatch, Heroes of the Storm, Hearthstone and other game titles.

PlayVS was founded in July by Parnell with backing from investment group Science. Prior to investing in Parnell's company, Science helped fund a number of successful startups such as Dollar Shave Club, Rover, Medium and MeUndies.

"PlayVS is creating the first esports league for high schools, which brings a new and exciting opportunity for schools to keep kids engaged and put them on the path to success," Science CEO Mike Jones said in a statement. "Often, kids who aren't interested in traditional sports or arts don't have a place they belong in school. PlayVS will completely change that experience, and its partnership with NFHS brings immediate scale to what they do. We're thrilled to be working closely with their team and can't wait for the league to launch this fall."ABOUT COOKIES

We use cookies to help make this website better, to improve our services and for advertising purposes. You can learn more about our use of cookies and change your browser settings in order to avoid cookies by clicking here. Otherwise, we'll assume you are OK to continue.

ContinueBrad Marchand ignores the NHL's requests and licks Ryan Callahan after doing it several times against Toronto in the first round. (0:23)

From the first round all the way through the Stanley Cup Final, ESPN.com has you covered. Check out the full playoff picture and coverage on each team and series.

Schedule | Experts' predictions | Offseason keys for each team

Top stories

Today's schedule

All times Eastern

Penguins at Capitals, 7:00 p.m., NBC (series tied 2-2)

Jets at Predators, 9:30 p.m., NBCSN (series tied 2-2)

Conference Semi-Finals

Jump to a series:

Game 1: Bruins 6, Lightning 2

Game 2: Lightning 4, Bruins 2

Game 3: Lightning 4, Bruins 1

Game 4: Lightning 4, Bruins 3 (OT)

Game 5: Sun., May 6 @ TB | Tickets

Game 6: Tues., May 8 @ BOS | Tickets

Game 7: Thurs., May 10 @ TB | Tickets

play 0:21 Lightning take commanding series lead on Girardi's goal Alex Killorn centers one in front, and Dan Girardi gets a stick on it to give Tampa Bay the overtime win and a 3-1 series lead.

Game 1: Penguins 3, Capitals 2

Game 2: Capitals 4, Penguins 1

Game 3: Capitals 4, Penguins 3

Game 4: Penguins 3, Capitals 1

Game 5: Sat., May 5 @ WSH | Tickets

Game 6: Mon., May 7 @ PIT | Tickets

Game 7: Weds., May 9 @ WSH | Tickets

play 0:50 Malkin dives and stuffs in a goal upon review Braden Holtby makes the initial save, but Evgeni Malkin jumps on the puck and pokes in a goal to even the series at 2-2.

Game 1: Jets 4, Predators 1

Game 2: Predators 5, Jets 4 (2OT)

Game 3: Jets 7, Predators 4

Game 4: Predators 2, Jets 1

Game 5: Sat., May 5 @ NSH | Tickets

Game 6: Mon., May 7 @ WPG | Tickets

Game 7: Thurs., May 10 @ NSH | Tickets

play 0:21 Subban's rocket gets by Hellebuyck P.K. Subban rips a slapper from up top, which gets through a maze of bodies and proves to be the winner as Nashville knots up the series at 2-2.

Game 1: Knights 7, Sharks 0

Game 2: Sharks 4, Golden Knights 3 (2OT)

Game 3: Golden Knights 4, Sharks 3 (OT)

Game 4: Sharks 4, Golden Knights 0

Game 5: Golden Knights 5, Sharks 3

Game 6: Sun., May 6 @ SJ | Tickets

Game 7: Tues., May 8 @ VGS | Tickets

play 0:38 Tuch nets a pair to move Vegas one game away Alex Tuch scores twice from in close in Vegas' 5-3 win against San Jose and hands the Golden Knights a 3-2 series lead.

First Round

Jump to a series:

Eastern Conference

Game 1: Lightning 5, Devils 2

Game 2: Lightning 5, Devils 3

Game 3: Devils 5, Lightning 2

Game 4: Lightning 3, Devils 1

Game 5: Lightning 3, Devils 1

Game 1: Bruins 5, Maple Leafs 1

Game 2: Bruins 7, Maple Leafs 3

Game 3: Maple Leafs 4, Bruins 2

Game 4: Bruins 3, Maple Leafs 1

Game 5: Maple Leafs 4, Bruins 3

Game 6: Maple Leafs 3, Bruins 1

Game 7: Bruins 7, Maple Leafs 4

Game 1: Blue Jackets 4, Capitals 3 (OT)

Game 2: Blue Jackets 5, Capitals 4 (OT)

Game 3: Capitals 3, Blue Jackets 2 (2OT)

Game 4: Capitals 4, Blue Jackets 1

Game 5: Capitals 4, Blue Jackets 3 (OT)

Game 6: Capitals 6, Blue Jackets 3

Game 1: Penguins 7, Flyers 0

Game 2: Flyers 5, Penguins 1

Game 3: Penguins 5, Flyers 1

Game 4: Penguins 5, Flyers 0

Game 5: Flyers 4, Penguins 2

Game 6: Penguins 8, Flyers 5

Western Conference

Game 1: Predators 5, Avs 2

Game 2: Predators 5, Avs 3

Game 3: Avs 5, Predators 3

Game 4: Predators 3, Avs 2

Game 5: Avs 2, Predators 1

Game 6: Predators 5, Avs 0

Game 1: Jets 3, Wild 2

Game 2: Jets 4, Wild 1

Game 3: Wild 6, Jets 2

Game 4: Jets 2, Wild 0

Game 5: Jets 5, Wild 0

Game 1: Golden Knights 1, Kings 0

Game 2: Golden Knights 2, Kings 1 (2OT)

Game 3: Golden Knights 3, Kings 2

Game 4: Golden Knights 1, Kings 0

Game 1: Sharks 3, Ducks 0

Game 2: Sharks 3, Ducks 2

Game 3: Sharks 8, Ducks 1

Game 4: Sharks 2, Ducks 1Promised Panthers tight end Greg Olsen I wouldn't post any of his bad shots warming up for the Wells Fargo Championship Pro-Am. He likes this one. Maybe it was the special tee his caddie, Luke Kuechly, provided. Video by David Newton (0:22)

CHARLOTTE, N.C. -- Ron Rivera was a linebacker for the Chicago Bears in Super Bowl XX and the head coach of the Carolina Panthers in Super Bowl 50.

He says he didn't feel nearly the pressure in either of those that he did on Wednesday playing golf in front of Phil Mickelson and a huge gallery at the Wells Fargo Championship Pro-Am.

"The Super Bowl is easy compared to this," Rivera said. "This is the hard stuff. You're pretty much on your own, as opposed to being a part of the team."

Speaking of the Super Bowl, Rivera has high aspirations for the 2018 season. One reason is Pro Bowl quarterback Cam Newton is full go in offseason workouts.

"The last time he did that was 2015," Rivera said of his quarterback, who was coming off shoulder surgery a year ago. "I'm just saying ... I'm just saying.

"But I'm pretty excited about it. It's a really good mesh now between him and Scott [Turner] and Norv [Turner, new offensive coordinator]. The offensive players have responded well to coach Turner, which is exciting."

Rivera's immediate excitement was over what he felt was a solid draft that filled needs at key positions such as receiver, tight end and cornerback -- and getting the chance to play golf with one of the most popular players on the PGA Tour.

Panthers coach Ron Rivera hits his tee shot as Phil Mickelson watches on the 10th hole during Wednesday's Wells Fargo Championship Pro-Am at Quail Hollow Club in Charlotte, North Carolina. Chuck Burton/AP Photo

He wasn't the only happy Carolina connection at Quail Hollow Club. Pro Bowl tight end Greg Olsen teed off in the afternoon with Pro Bowl middle linebacker Luke Kuechly as his caddie.

Pro Bowl center Ryan Kalil also was here supporting his good friend.

"Swing coach, mental coach, psychologist," Olsen said of Kalil.

Olsen, like Rivera, was in a good mood. He was less than a week removed from signing a two-year, $17.1 million extension that will keep him with the Panthers through 2020.

Olsen also was in the running for the ESPN "Monday Night Football" analyst job that Dallas tight end Jason Witten reportedly has been offered for $4 million a year.

But Olsen's goal all along was to extend his playing career at Carolina.

"I haven't really followed that," he said. "I'm happy for the way things worked out for me. I've always said I wanted to play. I'm glad we got things worked out. We felt good about what we were able to get accomplished, considering everything.

"We'll let [Witten] worry about his own situation and see what plays out."

Olsen called the opportunity to play in the Pro-Am for the second time a "big deal." He's as much a perfectionist on the golf course as he is on the football field, only wanting video of his good shots posted on social media.

Kuechly was in a good mood as well, considering he can't participate fully in offseason workouts because of shoulder surgery. The shoulder was strong enough on Wednesday that the 2013 NFL Defensive Player of the Year could carry a golf bag, but the expectation for him and defensive end Julius Peppers (shoulder) is to be ready by training camp.

"It's good to learn, watch from a distance, help others out and get a new perspective of what the defense looks like and what we're doing," Kuechly said.

Kuechly could tell from a distance of about 25 yards on the driving range that Tiger Woods' swing was better than Olsen's.

"His swing's a little smoother than the guy's bag I'm carrying," said Kuechly, referred to by Olsen as a "lifer" on his bag. "We'll take some notes."

"I've got the most expensive caddie in PGA history," said Olsen, referring to Kuechly's average salary of $12.3 million a year.

Said Kuechly, "I think I'm in the tryout stage, so he's got to figure out if he's going to keep me long-term or get some professional guy to do it."

Rivera is glad both will be on his side this season as Carolina makes another run at the Super Bowl. He's particularly glad Olsen will be on the field instead of the booth.

"That was very fortuitous for us in terms of the timing," he said of the new deal. "Greg's young [33], obviously. He's done a lot of good things for us and it's good to have him locked up."Lasith Malinga's international future has been put in further doubt after SLC told the 34-year old fast bowler that the only way he could get back into the team was by playing domestic cricket.

Malinga was up for selection in Sri Lanka's domestic Inter-Provincial one-day tournament, which is set to begin on May 2. However, prior to the announcement of squads, he stated that he would not be returning to the island until the end of the IPL, where he is serving as Mumbai Indians' bowling mentor.

"The selectors wanted him back, and he has to play domestic cricket according to them," SLC President Thilanga Sumathipala said. "We're playing our white-ball tournament, and 50-over and T20. I'm sure before the next international engagement which is South Africa and then the Asia Cup and so forth, he needs to play T20 games and 50 overs. If Lasith is not playing a domestic tournament, the selectors will have to make a call."

Despite performing well in T20s domestically over the last few months, picking up 17 wickets in 8 matches at an average of 11.35, Malinga was overlooked for the Nidahas Trophy in March. In fact, he hasn't played for Sri Lanka since last September, having returned from a lengthy injury layoff at the start of 2017.

Since then, his ODI form - 10 wickets in 13 ODIs at an average of 62 - has been patchy. He has had a good run in T20s, picking up 12 wickets in six games at 16.50. Malinga believes this, along with his domestic form, warrants a return to the national team starting with Sri Lanka's home series against South Africa in July.

SLC CEO Ashley De Silva assured Malinga was still in the minds of selectors, but said that his future inclusion hinged on the fast bowler proving himself domestically.

"He has made himself available for selection and selectors have also picked him to play in one of the provinces," de Silva said. "He hasn't given any indication that he would be retiring, neither have the selectors given him an indication that they would not be considering him. So therefore if he performs well domestically he will be considered."Steve Nicol slams Bayern Munich and manager Jupp Heynckes in his post-match ratings for their failures in the second leg against Real Madrid. (2:06)

Thomas Muller said Bayern Munich have nothing to be ashamed about after crashing out of the Champions League semifinals to Real Madrid on Tuesday, but admitted introspection will be needed to learn why they continue to come up just short.

A 2-2 draw in the second leg meant Bayern were one goal shy of reaching the final as Madrid went through 4-3 on aggregate.

Goalkeeper Sven Ulreich's howler early in the second half allowed Karim Benzema to score Madrid's decisive goal, after another defensive miscue also allowed the Spanish side to score in the first leg, leaving Muller to lament the errors.

"We played better than in Munich but we gave them a goal again," he told German broadcaster Zdf. "And you can't afford to do that over the two games.

"It was a crazy game and we invested everything into it. But in the end we were a little unlucky. Their goalkeeper Navas had a great game.

"Luck and misfortune are closely intertwined. This hurts a great deal, but we shouldn't be ashamed."

Matthias Hangst/Bongarts/Getty Images

Bayern lifted the trophy in 2013 but have now fallen in the semifinals in four of the last five seasons, and Muller questioned his side's inability to pass that hurdle.

"A lot more was possible," Muller said after Bayern outshot their hosts 21-9 in the second leg. "We had a super chance to progress but we missed out again.

"We have so much quality in our squad, but we have to ask ourselves why we have missed out a lot, why we keep making these mistakes in the semifinals."

Defender Mats Hummels said Bayern failed to take advantage of a Madrid side who were not at their best, but hailed his teammate's efforts for coming close despite the squad dealing with a number of injuries.

"Over the two games we gave them two gifts as goals. Real didn't play at their maximum at all," Hummels said. "This hurts a lot, we had loads of chances in their area. We did manage to score twice but this was one or two less than we merited on the chances we created.

"We were the more dangerous side but they made less grave mistakes. But we made a game of it without Arjen Robben, Kingsley Coman, Manuel Neuer; Jerome Boateng and Arturo Vidal."

ESPN FC's Bayern Munich correspondent Mark Lovell contributed to this report.The UFC and Nate Diaz have discussed the possibility of him returning to the Octagon at UFC 227 on Aug. 4, according to sources.

Although an official deal remains uncertain, the two sides have at least discussed the August date as recently as last week, sources told ESPN.

Diaz (19-11) hasn't fought since August 2016, when he suffered a majority decision defeat to Conor McGregor in the second bout of a two-fight rivalry. That event produced the fourth-highest MMA gate in the history of Nevada, drawing $7.7 million.

Nate Diaz, who hasn't fought since dropping a majority decision to Conor McGregor in August 2016, has had discussions on a possible summer return to the Octagon. Brandon Magnus/Zuffa LLC/via Getty Images

When reached by ESPN, UFC president Dana White said there is "no update" on Diaz and declined to provide details on any recent discussions. He has repeatedly stated that the promotion has engaged Diaz regarding potential opponents during his hiatus, but nothing has materialized.

Nevertheless, Diaz, 33, has expressed interest in taking a fight this year. In a social media post in January, he wrote, "I'll see you around May, June."

In February, Diaz told ESPN he was targeting welterweight champion Tyron Woodley as an opponent. White, however, quickly dismissed the idea in multiple interviews.

Whether it comes to fruition or not, UFC 227 would offer an attractive landing for Diaz's return. The pay-per-view event will take place at Staples Center, in the fighter's home state of California. A bantamweight title fight between T.J. Dillashaw and Cody Garbrandt has already been announced.Aizawl FC, India's archery team, Mary Kom, Kidambi Srikanth, Pankaj Advani. That fairytale football title win, an incredible series of badminton matches, an improbable comeback and a staggering 18th world title -- all these are among the nominees for the first ESPN.in awards.

ESPN

The ESPN.in Awards 2017, which recognise the best individual and team performances in Indian sport on a calendar-year basis, will run across 11 categories, a recognition of the increasing breadth and depth of Indian sport. The nominees come from sports as diverse as kabaddi, motor racing and archery -- the traditional, the modern and one that takes a tradition and updates it with cutting-edge technology. There's a hat tip to differently abled athletes, who've won countless medals for India at the biggest events, and to those who are on the verge of a breakthrough.

The awards also recognize that while cricket is the biggest sport, other, seemingly minor, sports produce matches and moments that are imprinted in the fans' consciousness. Cricket is already covered by ESPNcricinfo's annual awards, announced yesterday, and so is not included in these awards.

ESPN.in Awards: The categories Sportsperson of the year (Male)

Sportsperson of the year (Female)

Team of the year

Comeback of the year

Emerging player of the year (21 and below)

Coach of the year

Differently-abled athlete of the year

Target Tokyo (Athletes we think could do well in the 2020 Games)

Moment of the year

Match of the year

The winners will be selected by a jury that includes some of the biggest names in the Indian sports fraternity: Abhinav Bindra, the only Indian to have won an individual Olympic gold; Bhaichung Bhutia, the best Indian football player of his generation; Anju Bobby George, the first Indian to win a medal at the Athletics World Championships; Rohit Brijnath, who has covered Indian sport at all levels for the past three decades; and ESPN's senior writer Sharda Ugra.

"It is an exciting time in Indian sport, with rising active consumption of multi-sport disciplines across the country," says Sambit Bal, editor-in-chief, ESPN South Asia. "The awards aim to increase the visibility and conversations around sports beyond cricket. The awards recognise individuals' and teams' performances and are also an acknowledgement of the widening perspective of Indian sports fans."

The first list of nominees, for Team of the Year, is here. The other categories will be made public every day, one category per day. The winners will be announced on April 2, two days before the Commonwealth Games begin in Australia.At a regular snooker tournament, you probably wouldn't want to breathe too heavily or stir in your seat and run the risk of breaching the library-quiet setting. Enter Cue Slam - the latest in a train of sporting leagues to hit the prime time television slot, which ditches the loaded silence that envelopes cue sport playing halls and changes out of the the wine waiter-like bowtie look.

For a sport cradled in the country, minting world titles by the year, recognition has been grossly under-cooked. Some of the anonymity that cue sport wallows in is self-inflicted and the Indian league, which will take its first shot on Saturday in Ahmedabad, is looking to change just that. By marrying snooker and its simpler, more popular cousin pool into a league, and by dumping stuffy dress code conventions, hushed tones and turning up the music volume, cue sport is shaping up for a much-needed, slightly delayed shot at resurrection.

"The idea is to tear down barriers," says Prasad Mangipudi, executive director of Sportzlive Entertainment, who are the official license-holders of the Premier Badminton League (PBL) and have acquired long-term rights for Cue Slam.

WATCH CUE SLAM LIVE ON SONY ESPN When: August 19-25 Where: Ahmedabad Teams: Bengaluru Buddies, Chennai Strikers, Hyderabad Hustlers, Delhi Dons, Gujarat Kings. Each team has five players - which includes one icon player and one female player with a stipulation of minimum three Indian players in a team. Players: 25 (14 Indian, 11 international) Format: Round robin cum knockout - Three games of 6-red snooker and two games of 9-ball pool. Best of five games per tie with a maximum time of 20 seconds per shot. Prize money: Rs 50 lakhs

"We don't want anything coming between the spectator and the live match experience - dress code, audience etiquette, or sinfully long games. Players will turn out in colorful team jerseys instead of formals and waistcoats and have a maximum of 20 seconds to play a shot and the audience is free to cheer, boo or whistle. We're here to break the silence."

There will be five games per tie - three six-red snooker and two nine-ball pool games, with the stop clock deciding the winner of 10-minute frames. Former Asian billiards champion Sourav Kothari believes this is the perfect format to get audience hooked.

"Initially when there were talks of playing a 15-red snooker I was not too happy since I felt it would be bad for TV viewership. But with this fast-paced format there's going to be drama, action and some sledging too maybe. Unlike in the case of other sports where the ball is always in motion, we're actually hitting a stationary ball so we have to go the extra distance to engage and appeal to the audience."

A total of 25 players were picked at the draft which includes big names like 16-time world champion Pankaj Advani, Welsh star Daren Morgan, seven-time European snooker champion Kelly Fisher, apart from Kothari and women's world snooker championship silver medalist Vidya Pillai.

"The quality of players will get better with every edition," Mangipudi says. "To get bigger international players we'd have to pay them more than what they'd get out of a tournament. We've only managed to compensate icon players (one player in each of the five teams, picked at $15,000) suitably this time. It won't be before year three or four that we can actually break even."

Starting out as a one-city based league in its inaugural edition, the 350-seater Rajpath Club Playing Arena in Ahmedabad, which will have two tables (one for snooker and pool each), is a much more contained venue, just like the sport demands, than ones used in most other leagues. Taking the league to more cities and bringing in more players, Mangipudi promises, figures prominently among future plans.

"For middling players or those at the threshold, this is the perfect springboard. Lesser-known sports like us need live television just to break perceptions and be taken seriously," says Kothari.

Advani has managed to switch back and forth between billiards and snooker at the highest level with astonishing success. Sportzlive

Confessing that her family is yet to wake up to the idea of watching her turn out in a bright orange Chennai Strikers jersey in a snazzy league on live TV, Vidya tempers the apprehension with a measure of optimism. "It's a big, big step. Of course it's just the first year and we're still looking at how it will turn out. Maybe once my family sees me on TV, it might hit them."

The primary challenge in getting the league - with an operating cost that hovers around roughly six crores - off the ground has predictably been sponsorship.

"The bigwig corporate houses haven't been willing to come on board so this year it's being almost entirely funded by us," Mangipudi says. "Honestly there's no accurate way to measure return on investment or cost per thousand, which are the questions we faced when we went out seeking sponsors.

"So even out of the many brands which rush to pitch in their support for say IPL, only a handful of around 11-12 brands, according to a research report, have any recall value. The rest are lost in the clutter. This is just our first edition so we have to bear the birth pangs and get the product out in the market, by next year hopefully sponsors should be up to speed."

With the kind of legacy that cue sport has in the country, a league that shuns what holds it back from stepping into people's minds and living rooms, is what it needs right now.

"The sport is at a juncture where it needs to be sold to the audience and this league could do wonders in at least getting that started," Kothari adds.

"It's time we made some noise."Indian shooter Shahzar Rizvi clinched the gold medal with a world record score in a memorable maiden ISSF World Cup appearance, while Jitu Rai and Mehuli Ghosh bagged a bronze each in Guadalajara, Mexico on Saturday.

Meerut-based Rizvi shot a world record 242.3 in the 10m air pistol event's final to beat reigning Olympic champion Christian Reitz of Germany, 239.7, to win the top prize.

Shahzar Rizvi ���� won gold in his first World Cup appearance, also adding a new World Record in the men's 10m Air Pistol final.https://t.co/GyCxy4x8V6 #ISSFWC pic.twitter.com/vhsjPlZhyP - ISSF (@ISSF_Shooting) 3 March 2018

Pistol ace Rai won the bronze in the same event with a score of 219, as three Indians made it to the finals of the season's first World Cup.

Om Prakash Mitharval, the other Indian shooter in the event, finished fourth with a score of 198.4.

17-year-old Mehuli, also a senior World Cup debutante, added to India's medal tally as she shot a world junior record 228.4 to win bronze in the women's 10m air rifle event.

In the women's event too, three Indian shooters progressed to the final. Anjum Moudgil finished fourth with 208.6 points, while Apurvi Chandela was seventh in the standings with 144.1 points.

Earlier, Shahzar had finished second in the qualifying, behind Christian Reitz, shooting 579 to the German's 588 after 60-shots. Rai was one behind Shahzar with 578, while Om Prakash shot 576 to qualify in fourth place.

While Jitu and Om Prakash maintained their positions at the end of the finals, Shahzar turned the tables on Reitz in style, staying ahead of the German throughout the length of the 24-shot final.

In the women's 10m air rifle final, Mehuli and Anjum were in medal contention from the beginning, and after a sea-saw battle between the two, a 9.9 on the 17th shot meant Anjum would end in fourth position with a score of 208.6.

Mehuli won bronze while China's Hong Xu won silver with 251.0. Romania's Laura Georgeta Coman, who won gold in the Munich World Cup last year and a silver at the World Cup Finals, came up with a classy display, leading throughout to win the gold medal with 251.5.When junior middleweight Vanes Martirosyan turned pro at age 18 following an appearance for Team USA in the 2004 Olympics, many regarded him as a prospect to watch and a surefire bet to win a world title.

Betting on GGG-Martirosyan Golovkin -4000 Martirosyan +1400 -- Courtesy of Westgate Las Vegas

Fourteen years later and, although Martirosyan became a solid contender, he never lived up to his potential, never became a star and never scored a major victory.

The two times he did fight for a 154-pound world title he lost decisions, to Demetrius Andrade for a vacant belt in 2013 and, in a rematch of a head-butt induced technical draw, to then-titlist Erislandy Lara in May 2016. That is the last time Martirosyan fought.

Editor's Picks On paper, Martirosyan a legit opponent for GGG; fight is not Vanes Martirosyan has done enough in his career to be considered somewhat of a legit opponent for middleweight champion Gennady Golovkin. But with less than 20 days to prepare, the fight should not be taken seriously, writes Bernardo Pilatti.

Sanchez: Once you fight GGG, 'you are never going to be the same' Gennady Golovkin's trainer, Abel Sanchez, believes GGG is going to severely punish Vanes Martirosyan on Saturday but gave him credit for taking the fight. Sanchez also thinks Martirosyan's plans will be thrown out the window once he gets hit in the face.

GGG rips Canelo: I 'no longer think about' him Gennady Golovkin and his May 5 opponent, Vanes Martirosyan, appeared together at a workout for media members Monday, when Canelo Alvarez and his failed drug test, naturally, were a major topic of conversation. 2 Related

But Martirosyan has a chance to change the trajectory of his life and career, not to mention quiet the critics, if he can score what would be an astronomical upset against unified middleweight world champion Gennady Golovkin, who is bidding for a division record-tying 20th consecutive defense, on Saturday (HBO, 11 p.m. ET/PT) at the StubHub Center in Carson, California.

"I have been counted out before and I have shined," Martirosyan said. "This is my time. Fate has reached out to me and I am ready to seize the moment. You can never plan for something like this, but you can be prepared, and that's why I never left the gym.

"I've got this opportunity to shock the world. I'm not fighting a robot. GGG is human and he is beatable."

Martirosyan was in the right place at the right time when Canelo Alvarez failed two drug tests in February for the performance-enhancing drug clenbuterol. Alvarez's mega pay-per-view rematch with Golovkin was canceled and he was suspended for six months by the Nevada State Athletic Commission. GGG desperately still wanted to fight on Saturday and his promoter, Tom Loeffler, went to work trying to make it happen on just a few weeks' notice. The fight was moved from T-Mobile Arena in Las Vegas to Southern California and from HBO PPV to HBO, and Golovkin took a massive pay cut to keep the date alive.

"I'm not afraid of Gennady. I'm psyched to fight him. This is why I became a fighter. I'm not the only one taking this fight on short notice. Everyone has a soft spot. I'll find his. I have no fear." Vanes Martirosyan

Ultimately, Loeffler and Golovkin (37-0-1, 33 KOs), 36, a Kazakhstan native fighting out of Santa Monica, California, settled on Martirosyan as the late substitute. He was available, had been training and, as a bonus, he had moved from Armenia, where he was born, to Glendale, California, where there is a large Armenian community that is expected to turn out to support him.

Just a few weeks before he got the fight, Martirosyan said he asked his wife who her favorite boxer was beside him.

The Gennady Golovkin vs. Vanes Martirosyan fight was easy to make according to GGG's promoter Tom Loeffler. Photo provided by Tom Hogan/Hoganphotos/GGG Promotions

"She told me Gennady Golovkin. So now I have to beat his ass for that," Martirosyan said with a laugh. More seriously, Martirosyan is excited to have the fight. It is obvious in his voice.

"We are very blessed to have this opportunity," he said. "We can't wait. This is what we dream about, having a fight like this. I am just so excited and every day I have a big smile on my face. I will get to show the world where I belong in this sport. It's a perfect fight for Cinco de Mayo because it is going to be two guys -- Mexican-style fighters -- going head to head. It will be a perfect show for the boxing fans."

When Martirosyan was first rumored as one of the potential Alvarez replacements, his inclusion on that list was viewed as a joke to many. When he actually got the fight, criticism erupted, primarily for three reasons: He was a junior middleweight moving up in weight to face the most fearsome middleweight on the planet; he was coming off a loss; and he had not fought in two years, even though part of the reason was because other fights had fallen out.

Nonetheless, Martirosyan (36-3-1, 21 KOs), 32, was viewed as such a weak opponent for Golovkin that the IBF, which sanctions one of the three major world titles GGG holds, refused to approve the fight. That belt won't be at stake.

"I've got this opportunity to shock the world. I'm not fighting a robot. GGG is human and he is beatable." Vanes Martirosyan

But Martirosyan couldn't care less what the IBF, any fan or media member thinks about his chances. His only goal is to give it his best effort and go for what would be an upset for the ages.

"I am excited to show everyone how good I can be," Martirosyan said. "I feel so fresh and strong. Fans and Gennady will be amazed."

Martirosyan's layoff was not entirely his fault or even that of promoter Don King. Martirosyan had various fights fall out, including what was supposed to be a junior middleweight title eliminator on March 17 on the Jose Ramirez-Amir Imam undercard. Martirosyan was supposed to fight Maciej Sulecki but he pulled out not long before the bout in order to accept a higher-profile and far more lucrative fight at middleweight against Daniel Jacobs, which Sulecki lost by decision Saturday.

"We were supposed to fight in June (2017) and then it was March and (Sulecki) pulled out," Martirosyan said. "Then they told me I was fighting March 29, then it was April 9 -- guys just kept falling out and we just stayed in the gym. When we got the call for the fight they asked me if I could be 176 (pounds a few days later) and I weighed in that day at 174 or 175 (for a WBC weight check). One week before the fight we came in at 167 so we are in shape and we are good to go.

Trainer Edmond Tarverdyan, left, made sure Vanes Martirosyan stayed in shape even when he wasn't fighting. Photo provided by Tom Hogan/Hoganphotos/GGG Promotions

"My trainer Edmond (Tarverdyan) always tells me 'fight or no fight, stay in the gym and stay sharp. It doesn't matter if you don't have a fight.' I know some fighters when they don't have a fight they just stay home chillin' till they get the call to go in the gym. We are always in the gym and always around boxing. We were happy to get the call and ready to go."

Loeffler was pleased he was able to make a deal with King so quickly and that Martirosyan was ready and willing to fight.

"There were names that we went through, and I have to say I can't compliment Vanes and his team enough for had he not signed the contract in two or three days HBO would have said 'this is too late for us to effectively promote and market a fight on HBO,'" Loeffler said. "Some people point to the fact he hasn't fought for two years but he was ready, willing and able. There were three different fights that fell out, and Don King had chronicled that he was ready to fight the opponents. And he is local here in the Los Angeles area. He has huge support from the Armenian community here and was very effective in doing interviews. There is a lot of respect on both sides and this event was really saved by HBO agreeing to show this fight."

With no disrespect to Golovkin or Loeffler, Martirosyan's aim is to put on the best performance of his career, ruin the plans for the possibility of the Golovkin-Alvarez rematch being rescheduled for September and to shock the world.

"I just want to say one thing about Golovkin and Tom and his camp -- this is the first time in my life that I have seen gentlemen and everything has been so classy with everything, with the promotion and the press and everybody," he said. "There is no cursing trying to promote the fight. Everybody knows how big this fight is for me and for GGG. He's going for a record and I'm also going for a record -- to beat the baddest man on the planet. Just the thought of that alone is amazing.

"I have no excuses. People talk about taking the fight on short notice but we are ready. You could wake me up in my sleep and I am ready to fight. I've been doing this since I was 7 years old. We have been waiting for an opportunity like this and we are happy that Tom Loeffler and GGG (offered) it. I'm not afraid of Gennady. I'm psyched to fight him. This is why I became a fighter. I'm not the only one taking this fight on short notice. Everyone has a soft spot. I'll find his. I have no fear."Chris Ciriello's India connect runs deep. The drag-flick specialist was part of the previous two editions of the Commonwealth Games which included a hat-trick, ending in gold medals for his team Australia and defeat for India.

Now, less than a month before the next edition of the Games, Ciriello, 32, who's had a change of camp and role, is seated among Indian team members, laying out his best plans to 'push' and 'trap' opponents. Having retired last year and only recently appointed analytical coach for the Indian men's hockey team, the Australian who calls himself 'half-Indian' since his mother was born in the country and refers to tea as 'chai', says he sees a lot of potential in the side.

"It's about having the right routine, being consistent and performing under pressure. It's OK to flick when you're one or two goals up, but when you're one goal down with five minutes to go, that's the time you need to show that you can execute. It's not just about drag-flickers, the ball must be injected well. I'm working on that. There are also different variations and movements and 33 different types of skill between pickup and release so there's a lot to actually improve on."

Editor's Picks CWG: Sreejesh recalled, Sardar dropped from hockey squad Experienced goalkeeper PR Sreejesh made a comeback while former skipper Sardar Singh was dropped from the 18-member Indian men's hockey squad to be led by Manpreet Singh at next month's Commonwealth Games in Gold Coast, Australia.

The team put in place for the Commonwealth Games this time is relatively inexperienced and has four drag-flickers -- Harmanpreet Singh, Rupinder Pal Singh, Amit Rohidas and Varun, in its ranks.

Ciriello, whose grandfather served the Customs and played hockey for India, joined the side during the Four-Nation invitational tournament at the start of this year in New Zealand. While he's satisfied with the speed drag-flickers like Harmanpreet and Rupinder Pal possess, deception, Ciriello says, is an area where a lot of work remains to be done.

Rupinder Pal Singh Hockey India

"Drag-flicking is a very unique skill and the technique rests on increasing speed and accuracy. You can flick the best ball but if the goalkeeper has it covered it's a save. So we work on the routines, a good push, a good trap and a focus on flick. If you don't have a good push or trap it doesn't matter how good a flicker you are. Reading the goalkeeper's mind is also crucial. Before the World Cup (in 2014, which Australia won) I spent four hours just looking at where defenders ran and where goalkeepers stand. Before the Commonwealth Games, I'll sit with the Indian boys and discuss the process to score."

What works in Ciriello's favour in his current role is a familiarity with most Indian players, having formerly featured in the Hockey India League.

At the recent Sultan Azlan Shah Cup where India finished fifth, they managed to convert only six out of 26 penalty corners and Ciriello knows that he has his hands full. "Different players have different push and trap techniques and varying speeds so whether you're there early or late you need to have the right combination. Indian players need a lot more variations and our first runner still needs more improvement. We're expected to stop every goal and score every goal."

Indian players also swear by the impact Ciriello has had on them within such a short period. "Not just the drag-flickers, all of us, the entire team feels motivated. He brings this winning attitude with him and I think even personally it has changed my approach and mentality on the field a lot," says captain Manpreet Singh.

Australia's Chris Ciriello (5) and Trent Mitton celebrate a goal during the men's hockey gold medal match against India during the 2014 Commonwealth Games in Glasgow, Scotland, on August 3, 2014. Robert Cianflone/Getty Images

For Ciriello, coaching isn't fresh turf. He's been running his own academy in Australia for over eight years and has trained first- and second-division players in Perth apart from coaching the U-21 Australian team. "I've been coaching since I was 18.Since I have roots in this country and have played in India too I understand the culture and can hopefully help these boys improve the little things, be it energy, basic skills or getting into right position."

Australia, who've won gold on all five occasions, including beating India in the final twice, since hockey was introduced at the Commonwealth Games in 1998, again go into this year's Games as obvious favourites.

But now with Hockey India's most recent appointment, India coach Sjoerd Marijne says, at least a token turning of tables might have been set in motion.

"Chris was on the other side both times so we've managed to change that."THE COLONY, Texas -- Sung Hyun Park got to 6 under through 14 holes before play was halted by darkness in the weather-delayed first round of the abbreviated LPGA Texas Classic on Friday.

After Thursday's play was canceled and Friday's began after an 8 1/2-hour rain delay, the tournament was reduced from 72 holes to 36. There will be no cut, but only the top 70 and ties in the 144-woman field will win prize money.

Editor's Picks Rory, Tiger and the hard truth about this Wells Fargo Championship Quail Hollow made life miserable for some of the game's top players. What it also did was set up a wide-open weekend.

Malnati takes lead into weekend at Wells Fargo Peter Malnati played his best over the last three holes Friday at the Wells Fargo Championship and finished with a 3-under 68 for a one-shot lead.

Langer leads at Insperity with course-record 63 Bernhard Langer shot a course-record 9-under 63 on Friday to take a three-stroke lead in the Insperity Invitational at The Woodlands Country Club. 2 Related

Park, last year's U.S. Women's Open champion and the top-ranked player in the field at No. 5, had seven birdies and one bogey to top the leaderboard at the 6,475-yard Old American Golf Club, which is hosting the event for the first time.

Fellow South Koreans Jenny Shin and Sei Young Kim were 4 under through 14 and 12 holes, respectively. Shin collected her only LPGA victory two years ago at the tournament's previous home, Las Colinas Country Club in Irving.

Half the players did not start their first rounds. Last week's winner, Lydia Ko, and another former No. 1, Ariya Jutanugarn, were at 2 under through 14 holes, as was Hall of Famer Laura Davies.

Celine Boutier of France shot a 1-under 70, the best score among the dozen players who finished the first round on Friday. She took a three-hour nap after her 7 a.m. tee time was pushed back to 3:30 p.m.

Boutier called the playing conditions "pretty perfect, actually."

"I was really surprised," she said. "We had barely any wind, and I feel like the course drained really well. There was no casual water except for maybe a couple of holes."

The first round was postponed from Thursday after only 34 golfers completed one or two holes because of morning rain and afternoon wind.

This will be the LPGA's first 36-hole event since the Bahamas-LPGA Classic in May 2013, which encountered flooding.

Rules official Marty Robinson said the decisions to halt Thursday's play after just over an hour and then to reduce the tournament to two rounds were "tough choices."

"You do what you have to do to get an official golf tournament," Robinson said. "The maintenance staff did a fantastic job getting the golf course ready."

No spectators were allowed on the grounds Friday because of the muddy course and unpaved parking area.

"I've been doing this a couple of decades, and I can only think of it happening a couple of times," Robinson said. "That [fan safety] would be the only reason."Viswanathan Anand continued his excellent run by winning a bronze at the World Blitz Chess Championship after his gold-winning performance in the Rapid section.

Editor's Picks Anand: Becoming world champion again is the most amazing feeling The title win at the World Rapid Championship in Riyadh gives Viswanathan Anand a much-needed boost at the end of an otherwise forgettable year and shows why the 48-year-old can't be counted out just yet.

Anand wins World Rapid Championship Viswanathan Anand beat Russia's Vladimir Fedoseev 2-0 in a tie-break to win the World Rapid Championship in Saudi Arabia.

World Rapid Championship: Anand beats Carlsen Viswanathan Anand beat world No. 1 Magnus Carlsen in 34 moves at the World Rapid Championship in Riyad. 2 Related

World Classical champion Magnus Carlsen (Norway) won Gold. Coming into the final day, Carlsen had seven points from eleven rounds. He ended with an overall tally of sixteen points after scoring 9/10 on the final day.

Anand too had seven points and his 7.5 points in the last 10 games were good enough for a tied-second place with Sergey Karjakin of Russia. Karjakin could muster just 5.5 points on the final day and ended with 14.5 points.

Anand last participated in the London Chess Classic earlier this month, where he finished last.

Among other Indians in the fray, P Harikrishna and Vidit Gujrathi did well to end on 12.5 points apiece, B Adhiban ended on 11 while Surya Shekhar Ganguly and S P Sethuraman finished with 10 points apiece.Jennie Gow and Maurice Hamilton tackle your questions on 2019 regulations, Mercedes' driver of the season and more. (2:06)

Kevin Magnussen has revealed he apologised many times to Toro Rosso driver Pierre Gasly after the two drivers touched wheels at the Azerbaijan Grand Prix.

Editor's Picks Gasly labels Magnussen the 'most dangerous' rival of his career A furious Pierre Gasly labelled Haas driver Kevin Magnussen as "the most dangerous" person he has ever raced against after a high-speed clash late in the Azerbaijan Grand Prix.

Magnussen took to Twitter on Wednesday night to clarify comments he made in the build up to the Baku street race on Sunday.

While describing his commitment to racing, the Haas driver told Reuters ahead of the grand prix: "I don't like compromises. I will give everything. I will die in the car. I won't hold back.

"I would put my life on [the line]. Absolutely. When you put your helmet on and you're in the race, I find that's just everything there is in the world. I love my family, and there's so many things in life I enjoy, but when I'm in the car there's nothing else that means anything.

"For me, when I get in the car, the essential of life is Formula One."

The quotes were subsequently published elsewhere following the collision with Gasly and Magnussen felt it was important to distance those comments from Sunday's incident.

"The interview was done before the race in Baku and is not minded on the incident with Pierre in the race," he wrote on Twitter. "I didn't squeeze Pierre on purpose and have apologised to him many times after the incident.

"I don't want to die in a race car. I was expressing my willingness to give absolutely everything in my power to achieve success. Succcess to me obviously isn't having accidents or getting penalties but finishing races in as high a position as possible.

"I am living my childhood dream of racing in Formula One and I've put my whole life into achieving that dream so it is only natural for me to be giving absolutely everything I've got, to achieve success in racing and the day I no longer do that I will retire from racing immediately."

Following Sunday's collision, which saw the Dane squeeze Gasly towards the wall at over 300km/h before the pair touched wheels, the Toro Rosso driver labelled Magnussen as the "most dangerous" driver he has raced against. Magnussen -- who was hit with a 10-second penalty from the stewards and two penalty points on his licence -- later explained that he was struggling with visibility in his mirrors.

"I had so many vibrations in the car that the mirrors were useless, I couldn't see anything at all," he said. "It was pretty early -- apparently already Turn 19 -- that he was alongside me. Naturally it's too bad it happened. I knew it would be very hard to keep them behind me after that Safety Car. When the wheels locked, there wasn't much I could do about it."Hey MI. There's this guy in the dugout. First name Rohit, last name Sharma. #KXIPvMI — Raunak Kapoor (@RaunakRK) May 4, 2018

Much needed win for Mumbai Indians, keeps them in the hunt and also hood for the tournament. Rohit Sharma, whenever he is there unbeaten at the end, he invariably takes his side home. Punjab were 15-20 short at this ground #KXIPvsMI — Mohammad Kaif (@MohammadKaif) May 4, 2018

At the midway point of Mumbai Indians' chase, there was disbelief that Rohit Sharma had not come out at No. 3. By the end of the game, he was getting an award for it.

Rohit said he knew the ground well - he scored a century against Sri Lanka in December in Indore - and wanted to be there at the end as he knew where to hit boundaries at the death. Was it the right decision?

Logic suggests that Rohit can make most use of his skills by batting in the top three. He takes his time to get set and can score centuries - he's got four of them in T20s, all when batting in the top three. But perhaps the reasons for Rohit batting lower down are based primarily on dressing-room psychology rather than statistics. Suryakumar Yadav and Ishan Kishan probably feel more secure at the crease knowing Rohit is still to come. The Pandya brothers and even Kieron Pollard, who missed the game against Kings XI, may benefit from having Rohit at the other end in the last stages of a tense chase. All three of them have a partnership average of more than 35 with Rohit.

Mumbai are lucky enough to have two in-form openers and proven late hitters in the Pandya brothers and Pollard, but ultimately, it's where and how Rohit bats that will probably dictate their progress.

Marcu Stoinis' habit of overpitching has cost him big this IPL ESPNcricinfo Ltd

Ashwin's gamble doesn't pay off

With Mumbai needing 57 off five overs, Ashwin made the bold move of bringing on his death-over specialist Andrew Tye when many captains would have tried to get in an over from someone else and save Tye for the 17th and 19th overs. Tye did his part, taking the wicket of Hardik Pandya and going for just seven. But then, Ashwin had to get in two overs from Mujeeb Ur Rahman and Marcus Stoinis, who had not bowled in the death at all this season. Stoinis has bowled mostly length this tournament and has a habit of overpitching and delivering full tosses, just what the batsmen wanted on a slow pitch. His 20-run 18th over turned the game in Mumbai's favour.

Ashwin will need to think about his team's death-bowling options before the next game and may consider bringing back Mohit Sharma, who bowled a fine last over to win Kings XI their home game against Chennai Super Kings earlier in the tournament.

Why Yuvraj was sent in at No. 3

Everyone's talking about your poor form and how it may be "the end", you get dropped, then you catch a break as your replacements don't do much better than you did. And just when you think you've slipped back in to the team without too many people noticing, your captain shoves you in to the spotlight by promoting you to No.3. That's just the way it goes when your name is Yuvraj Singh.

Yuvraj Singh has struck at 150+ during the 20-30 ball phase of his innings since IPL 2015 ESPNcricinfo Ltd

So why did R Ashwin promote Yuvraj? Kings XI have problems with their middle order. Before this game, they were striking at just 113.5 when neither Chris Gayle nor KL Rahul was in, so Ashwin must have been intent on shaking things up. Yuvraj has never been someone who gets going quickly and of late has been taking even longer than usual. In IPLs since 2015, he strikes at just 114.00 for the first 20 balls he's at the crease. From balls 20 to 30, his strike rate is 155.1 and then after 30 balls, it shoots up to 204.3. That means that whenever Yuvraj has faced 30-plus balls in an innings, since IPL 2015, he strikes at 140.61.

So the idea was to give Yuvraj 30-plus balls to face. The problem is, he's only done that five times in 39 IPL innings since 2015. He often ends up playing a momentum-stopping innings, such as the 14 off 14 balls one he did against Mumbai.

Why did JP Duminy bowl?

Mumbai Indians have six frontline bowlers, yet for the second game in a row, Rohit Sharma used part-time offspinner JP Duminy. He's been doing it to get the ball turning away from left-handers - Mumbai don't have a frontline offspinner. With Chris Gayle and Yuvraj at the crease, he brought on Duminy before Krunal Pandya was introduced.

Here's what the numbers say on turning the ball away from the batsman. In IPL matches before this one, left-handers struck at 135.50 against bowlers who spun it in to them compared to 126.67 against those turning it away, a significant difference considering the number of matches played. Right-handers don't seem to have as much of an issue with the ball turning away, striking at 119.67 against left-arm and legspin compared to 122.17 against offspinners and left-arm wristspinners.

Those numbers are also the reason Kings XI promoted left-hander Axar Patel to face the left-arm spin of Krunal Pandya.New Delhi -- Former India cricket captain MS Dhoni and multiple world champion cueist Pankaj Advani have been conferred with the country's third-highest civilian award, Padma Bhushan.

Besides the duo, 2017 World Weightlifting Champion in the 48kg category, Saikhom Mirabai Chanu, and former Asian Games gold medalist Somdev Devvarman were conferred with the Padma Shri award.

Ace men's singles shuttler Kidambi Srikanth also won the Padma Shri alongside India's first Paralympic gold medalist, Murlikant Petkar.

Petkar won an individual gold medal in the 1972 Summer Paralympics, in Heidelberg, Germany. He set a world record in the 50m freestyle swimming event, at 37.33 seconds. In the same games, he participated in javelin, precision javelin throw and slalom. He was a finalist in all three events.

Dhoni has been the recipient of many awards, including the ICC ODI Player of the Year award in 2008 and 2009 (the first player to win the award twice), the Rajiv Gandhi Khel Ratna award in 2007 and the Padma Shri, India's fourth highest civilian honour in 2009.

Considered as the country's most successful cricket captain, Dhoni led India to two World Cup triumphs -- in the inaugural ICC World Twenty20 held in South Africa in September 2007 and the 2011 ICC ODI World Cup. India also won ICC Champions Trophy under him.

It was under his captaincy that India climbed to No. 1 in the ICC Test Rankings in December 2009.

Just like Dhoni, Advani also has a distinguished career, having won gold twice in Asian Games in 2006 Doha and 2010 Guangzhou. He is also a multiple world-champion.

Currently ranked third in the BWF rankings, Srikkanth is looked upon as a future Olympic champion shuttler.

The 24-year-old shuttler's real rise came last season when he won as many as six titles including four Superseries titles. He won the French Open, Denmark Open, Australian Open, Indonesia Open, India Open and China Open.

A product of Pullela Gopichand badminton academy in Hyderabad, Srikkanth also finished runners-up in last year's Singapore Open.

Manipuri weightlifter Mirabai Chanu's claim to fame includes a silver medal in the women's 48kg weight class at the 2014 Commonwealth Games at Glasgow.

Last year, she lifted a world record 194kg (85 kg snatch and 109 kg clean & jerk) to win the gold medal in the 2017 World Weightlifting Championships held at Anaheim, CA, USA.Down two games to none in a series nobody expects his team to win, the game still inside him, New Orleans Pelicans star Anthony Davis needed to know why it didn't work. Less than 30 minutes after his team's maddening five-point loss, he stood towering over a fold-up, fiberboard elementary-school cafeteria table in a corner of the visiting locker room in Oakland's Oracle Arena. On a laptop in front of him, a play happened, over and over. He watched, he clicked, he watched again, as if repetition could produce a different result.

It was just one botched play in a game filled with the NBA's typical mash of exquisite execution, bungled opportunities and accidental successes, but Davis was determined to find an answer. Many of his teammates had showered, dressed and left the building. Judging by context clues -- Davis was standing with a video guy in an off-limits corner that was visible but not approachable -- the play was a late-game pick-and-roll with point guard Rajon Rondo, an odd master of patterns and tendencies whom Golden State Warriors coach Steve Kerr describes as "wicked smart."

Davis called to Rondo from across the room, and Rondo said he wanted to shower first and talk later. Without looking up or acknowledging Rondo's response, Davis said, "I thought you were going to go under, but you went over."

Editor's Picks Are AD and the surging Pelicans a real threat to the Warriors? The Pelicans posted a surprisingly dominant first-round performance. Can they put a scare into or even knock off the defending champs?

Rondo looked up, replaying the play in the screens of his mind, and said, "Oh, yeah -- Draymond was all over me."

There was no emotion in either man's voice; they were just two dudes having a talk about something that happened at work. Davis stayed in place, an immense man hovering over a laptop, watching the play again and again, searching for the origins of failure at a subatomic level. He pointed to something that evidently bothered him about the order of things before walking away and whispering something to Rondo, who nodded his assent.

You might take it for granted: The Warriors will defeat the Pelicans. Perhaps in four games, perhaps five if everything aligns cosmically and the Pelicans can force a return trip to Oakland after two games in New Orleans. But if you're one of the best five or six players in the world, and you find yourself in the second round of the NBA playoffs for the first time, those are not your articles of faith.

If you're Anthony Davis, you want to know not only why, but why not?

Anthony Davis became the first player to lead the league in blocked shots while scoring more than 2,000 points in a season since Hakeem Olajuwon in 1992-93. Ezra Shaw/Getty Images

A regular-season superstar is a lowercase superstar. It's cruel, sure, but the bizarre notion remains: Championships are a required accessory of players of Davis' station. A ringless career is an eternal torment.

It should matter that Davis plays for a team with no appreciable history, its milestones marked only by the notable departures of its best players. It should matter that he has brought national attention to that team and become its most enduring symbol of hope since it arrived in its current incarnation in 2002. It should matter that the Pelicans are the most under-covered, underappreciated professional sports team in the country. That point is really not debatable. Just two local newspapers sent a beat writer to Oakland, and one had to return to New Orleans before Game 2 to get back to his day job at a consulting firm. Davis is the rare superstar who is known and appreciated more nationally than locally.

And his talent is futuristic, transformational and maybe the most outlandishly resistant to normal human defensive efforts. The concept of positionless basketball was hatched with Davis -- 6-foot-10 with a downy shooting touch, a dexterous post game and a deft-enough handle -- as an unattainable prototype. His catch radius is loosely defined as the arena. "The lobs are things people don't completely understand," Pelicans reserve Solomon Hill says. "When you're on the court and see him create separation and then go up, it's really hard to believe. He just keeps going." Davis can cover the length of the court in a handful of strides, and his transition from defense to offense, from operating under one basket to appearing under the other, can seem impossible. In the first quarter of Game 2, he blocked a Steph Curry floater at the hoop to start a fast break and materialized at the other end to follow up a teammate's missed layup. There is no one outside of LeBron James whose presence permeates all 94 feet the way Davis' does. He's good enough that any loss in which he scores fewer than 40 points -- he's scored 21 and 25 in the first two games of the Western Conference semifinals -- seems like a failure of the imagination.

"He's not just a franchise player," Hill says. "He's a once-in-a-lifetime player. But the difference between him being a competitive top-three player in the league, and people putting his name routinely in the MVP conversation, is him going out and doing work right here. If we can go to the Finals, then next year people are taking him seriously."

If we can go to the Finals: Seven noble words with a lot of work ahead of them. Beating the Warriors four times, with the Pelicans as they are currently constructed, might take more than one once-in-a-lifetime player. And even then, the Rockets or Jazz would await in the Western Conference finals. Ask Davis about this opportunity -- about whether it is important for him, on this stage and against this team, to elevate his game and seize the moment -- and he will say it is vitally important for the Pelicans because the Warriors "are the defending champs, and they're a great team."

"Beating the Warriors four times might take more than one once-in-a-lifetime player. And even then, the Rockets or Jazz would await."

It's the perfect example of Davis' almost physical aversion to public self-reflection. When attention focuses on him, it's not hard to imagine the kid who stayed at Perspectives Charter School in Chicago -- a math and science school that operates "with minimal athletic success," according to Davis' Wikipedia page -- as a senior rather than transferring to one of the powerhouse schools that desperately sought the talent of a fast-growing teenager who went from unknown to the No. 1 recruit in the country over the span of five months.

Now, Davis' willingness to submerge his ego allowed him to not only coexist but flourish next to fellow star DeMarcus Cousins, until Cousins tore his Achilles in late January. When that happened, "We had a pity party for ourselves for a little while," Pelicans head coach Alvin Gentry says. The party ended because Davis ended it -- he hoisted the Pelicans on his back and carried them for the month of February. "As good as any month anybody's ever had in the league," Gentry says, "and that helped." Davis' 35 points, 13 rebounds, 2.5 steals and 2.2 blocks in 11 February games marked the first time since 1982 (Moses Malone) that a player averaged 35 and 10 in a month. Davis' presence brought out the best in Cousins, who averaged 25.2 points and 12.9 rebounds on a career-best 53 percent effective field goal percentage before his injury, and Cousins' absence brought out the best in Davis. Cousins is an unrestricted free agent this offseason, and the Pelicans have to ask themselves whether they're better off re-signing Cousins or dispersing the resources in an attempt to acquire more depth to surround Jrue Holiday and Davis, whose max contract runs for three more years.

2018 NBA Playoffs Complete coverage | Expert picks | Bracket • Forecast: New predictions for each series

• Why can't AD get the respect he deserves?

• LeBron puts on clinic, Cavs school Raptors

• Celtics show resilience in Game 2 win

• Smart puts his unique stamp on playoffs

• Adams: Is 'Playoff Rondo' a real thing?

• NBA playoff MVPs: Ranking the top 10

• Injuries that are impacting the playoffs

• NBA offseason guides for eliminated teams

• Tickets on Vivid Seats

Perhaps to his own detriment, he is not demanding on the court. He chews his gum, minds his own business and slips into position in the post with such liquid grace that it sometimes goes unnoticed. He never seems to take it personally, which might be why his team can go long stretches without throwing him the ball. In the deciding three minutes of Game 2, Davis never touched the ball as the Warriors ran off 10 straight points midway through the fourth quarter. Quickly and permanently, a tie game was no longer.

He has shot just four free throws in the first two games of the series, a statistic that has become a burgeoning storyline and a mounting gripe in the New Orleans locker room. Does Davis get the kind of treatment that is commensurate to his talent? The Pelicans scoff at the idea. After Game 2, in which Davis and Holiday combined for 48 shots but zero free throws, Hill got dressed at his locker as Ian Clark answered questions from the media. When Clark was asked about the difference in the game, Hill shouted, "Free throws! Free throws!" Clark kept answering questions, issuing the sanitized version of the Pelicans' irritation, while Hill stood in the background stripping away the varnish. "AD's got four free throws in this series," Hill said. "Quinn Cook's got four."

The lament is nothing new. The day before, Hill told me, "Back in my day" -- just noting this: Hill is 27 -- "we didn't practice how to get fouled, but now you kind of have to. AD isn't a guy who's going to flop. It's not in his game. He knows one way to play the game, and he's not about to act out to get a foul. We don't want guys trying to draw fouls. But when James Harden's out there leading the league in free throw attempts doing what he does, it's tough. That's one thing I really like about AD -- he plays the way the game is supposed to be played, and the way he is taught."

After the Pelicans concluded practice Sunday afternoon in Oakland, Davis walked across the court and into the tunnel with his eyes fixed on a distant point, ignoring everything around him. He was willfully ignoring everything and everyone around him, in a manner common among famous men not interested in being bothered. In Davis' case, it was hard to tell whether he was walking toward something, or away.

"AD won't show it," Hill says, "but this is what he lives for. He's been yearning for this moment."

It can be tough to find the clues, but Davis needs this. He needs it the way he needs to decipher the granular details of a failed pick-and-roll. Fair or not, every superstar needs the validation that comes with winning.

Greatness for the sake of greatness is not enough. It's just a prelude to something bigger.Asked Pacers guard Darren Collison what is it about this team that has allowed them to have success. "When your best player (Victor Oladipo) has a positive attitude it becomes contagious. It filters to everybody else. I've played with a lot great players in my career and if they have a bad attitude at times it can impact everybody else. Vic brought that positive attitude the moment he arrived. If you have bad attitude it stands out because everybody is so positive inside the locker room. Nobody on this team has a bad attitude."A look at the past winners for the major NHL awards:

The Hart Memorial Trophy is an annual award given to the player judged to be the most valuable to his team. The winner is selected in a poll of the Professional Hockey Writers' Association in all NHL cities at the end of the regular season.

The Art Ross Trophy is awarded annually to the player who leads the league in points at the end of the regular season.

The Jack Adams Award is an annual award presented by the National Hockey League Broadcasters' Association to the NHL coach judged to have contributed the most to his team's success. The winner is selected in a poll among members of the NHL Broadcasters' Association at the end of the regular season.

The Calder Memorial Trophy is an annual award given to the player selected as the most proficient in his first year of competition in the National Hockey League. The winner is selected in a poll of the Professional Hockey Writers' Association at the end of the regular season.

The James Norris Memorial Trophy is an annual award given to the defensive player who demonstrates throughout the season the greatest all-around ability in the position. The winner is selected in a poll of the PHWA at the end of the regular season.

Formally known as the Lester B. Pearson Award, the Ted Lindsay Award is an annual award presented to the National Hockey League's outstanding player as selected by the members of the NHL Players' Association.

The Frank J. Selke Trophy is an annual award given to the forward who best excels in the defensive aspects of the game. The winner is selected in a poll of the PHWA at the end of the regular season.

The Maurice Richard Trophy is awarded annually to the player with the most goals at the end of the regular season.

The Vezina Trophy is an annual award given to the goalkeeper judged to be the best at this position as voted by the general managers of all NHL clubs.

The King Clancy Memorial Trophy is an annual award given to the player who best exemplifies leadership qualities on and off the ice and has made a noteworthy humanitarian contribution in his community.

The Lady Byng Memorial Trophy is an annual award given to the player judged to have exhibited the best type of sportsmanship and gentlemanly conduct combined with a high standard of playing ability. The winner is selected in a poll of the Professional Hockey Writers' Association at the end of the regular season.

The Bill Masterton Memorial Trophy is an annual award under the trusteeship of the Professional Hockey Writers' Association and is given to the National Hockey League player who best exemplifies the qualities of perseverance, sportsmanship and dedication to hockey. The winner is selected in a poll of all chapters of the PHWA at the end of the regular season.

The William H. Jennings Trophy is awarded annually to the goaltender who has the lowest goals-against average at the end of the regular season after playing a minimum of 25 games.

The Conn Smythe Trophy is awarded annually to the most valuable players in the Stanley Cup playoffs.Athletics South Africa has responded cautiously to new eligibility regulations from the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF), related to 'female classification' and testosterone levels.

Kwesé Play now in South Africa! Kwesé Play has hit the South African market! Turn your TV into a Smart TV and stream over 100 channels, including the first three months of Netflix on us! Kwesé Play is retailing for R999 and is available at major retail stores. Click here for more info on Kwesé Play.

The new regulations about hyperandrogenism will compel female athletes whose testosterone levels are above a certain level, like South Africa's Caster Semenya, to take medication if they wish to continue participating in certain events.

In a press statement, ASA recognised that the female classification process started years ago, up to the point that the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS) became involved, but stated that they would consult experts on the new ruling.

"As a federation, we will study the new regulations and compare them with the CAS recommendations to see if they are compatible and in line," ASA said.

The body said it would also consult with the Minister of Sport and Recreation, SASCOC, other relevant experts, in order to have a full grasp on the matter and how it should be properly handled.

"Once done, we will then interact with the IAAF. We want to state very clearly that we support all our athletes who may be affected by this new ruling," they added.

If Semenya and others opt not to take the testosterone-reducing drugs, they will either need to run in races longer than a mile, which rules Semenya out of her 800m and 1500m Olympic events, or be classified with male athletes.Liverpool star Mohamed Salah's spectacular form this season is thanks to the work he has put into his finishing and physique since moving to Anfield from Roma, according to Chelsea defender Antonio Rudiger.

Salah has scored 43 goals in 49 club appearances this season to help fire Liverpool to a first Champions League final since 2007 and third in the Premier League. His exploits have seen him voted PFA Player of the Year and FWA Footballer of the Year, and he is now a contender for the Ballon d'Or.

Rudiger will be the latest defender to try and stop Salah when Liverpool take on Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Sunday and speaking to ESPN FC, the Germany international praised his former Roma teammate's transformation since arriving on Merseyside last summer.

"He was already good at Roma, but there sometimes he [missed] some chances," said Rudiger, speaking to promote Chelsea's launch of a sensory room designed to enhance the enjoyment of families with children with additional sensory needs at Stamford Bridge.

Liverpool's Mohamed Salah Nigel French/PA Images

"But this year he is very, very clinical. Also, I think he is physically more strong than he was in Rome.

"Salah is at the moment, for me, the best player in the league, but it is not only him that plays for Liverpool. It is [Roberto] Firmino, also [Sadio] Mane and the guys at the back. They have a good team, a great team, scoring a lot of goals."

Asked if he thinks Salah should win the Ballon d'Or, Rudiger replied: "To be very honest, I hope for him [to win it]. But the Ballon d'Or? That is nothing [to me]. I cannot say anything about that."

Sunday's game will also reunite Rudiger with Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp, who was Borussia Dortmund coach from 2008 to 2011 when the defender was trying to make a name for himself in the club's youth academy.

Rudiger never made a senior appearance for Dortmund and eventually left at the age of 18 to join Stuttgart, but he admitted that Klopp made a lasting impression on him during their limited conversations.

"I spoke to him twice, because he used to watch a lot of academy games," Rudiger said of Klopp. "He invited me also to a friendly match. I was 16, or something like that. For me, it was important because at the time it was the Dortmund that won the league twice in a row.

"When he spoke to me at the friendly match I saw he's a coach that gives you motivation, like you're the best in the world. That's very good and one of his best skills as a coach.

"There was almost no chance [to make my debut at Dortmund]. So for me, I was young but I was very realistic. I knew okay, maybe I need to go. It wasn't a step back, maybe it was even a step forward. I went to a team that was a bit more low [in the table] but I was playing."In Game 1 of the Mexico series, four Dodgers pitchers combine to no-hit the Padres in a 4-0 win. (0:52)

The first major league game played in Mexico since 1999 took a historic turn Friday night as the Los Angeles Dodgers completed the first combined no-hitter in franchise history with Walker Buehler, Tony Cingrani, Yimi Garcia and Adam Liberatore all getting in on the fun in the 4-0 victory. Here's what you need to know about the unusual accomplishment.

ESPN Senior Writer We have our second no-hitter of 2018, although it's courtesy of the much less sexy combined no-hitter. Four Dodgers pitchers threw the 23rd no-hitter in Dodgers history and the 12th combined no-no in MLB history. It's also the 10th time the Padres have been no-hit — the most of any team since their first season in 1969.

Friday night's no-hitter is the second of 2018, coming almost two weeks after Sean Manaea no-hit the Red Sox on April 22. There was only one no-hitter last season as well as in 2016, making this the first with multiple no-hitters since 2015, when there were seven.

The previous Dodgers no-hitter prior to Friday came from Clayton Kershaw on June 18, 2014 vs. the Rockies. Each of the past four Dodgers no-hitters ended on a strikeout with Adam Liberatore getting Franchy Cordero for the last out of Friday's game. The Dodgers have now thrown 23 no-hitters, most of any team in MLB history.

ESPN

While this was the Dodgers' first combined no-hitter, the Padres had been combined no-hit once before -- by the Braves on Sept. 11, 1991. The last combined no-no in the majors before Friday night came Sept. 1, 2014, when Cole Hamels, Ken Giles, Jake Diekman and Jonathan Papelbon all helped the Phillies no-hit the Braves.

The Padres have been no-hit 10 times since the franchise's first season in 1969, most in MLB. Prior to Friday, San Diego was most recently no-hit on June 25, 2014, by Tim Lincecum.

ESPN

There had never been a no-hitter thrown on the same day a player got 3,000 hits before the Dodgers no-hitter came soon after Albert Pujols joined the 3,000-hit club. Last season, Edinson Vólquez threw a no-hitter for the Marlins on June 3, 2017 -- the same day Pujols hit his 600th career home run.

The no-hitter was the first in MLB history thrown outside of the United States or Canada along with being the first to come in a ballpark that is not home to a major league team.David Haye kept his composure as Tony Bellew and the partisan Liverpool crowd attempted to goad him in a fiery news conference ahead of their rematch Saturday.

When the pair last met in the city of Liverpool -- Bellew's hometown -- in March 2017, Haye lost his cool during a chaotic news conference. As the British duo sat down Monday to launch fight week for a second time, Bellew sought to spark a similar reaction out of his rival; this time, it never came.

"I was expecting more than that," Haye teased the Liverpudlian crowd as he started to talk, lapping up the chorus of abuse and boos that greeted his every word. "[Last time around] I didn't think Tony Bellew had what it took to beat me. He raised his game way more than I have ever seen in any of his previous fights, and I expect exactly the same on Saturday night."

Haye continued to be complimentary towards Bellew, an unusual change of tack considering their history: "Even looking at his face, his eyes, he looks trimmer, he looks fitter, he looks leaner."

Editor's Picks Haye and Bellew have become 'the odd couple' David Haye and Tony Bellew are serving up a verbal jousting spectacle remarkable for its passive-aggression and subtle sniping ahead of their heavyweight rematch.

Haye: I underestimated Bellew in first fight David Haye has admitted he underestimated Tony Bellew during their first meeting but insists he won't be making the same mistake when the pair meet at London's O2 Arena for a second time on May 5. 1 Related

However, the jibes quickly came from Bellew: "I know what I can see in yours too, fear," he quickly retorted to rapturous cheers.

Last time out in Liverpool, Haye jokingly told the crowd they should bet "all their money" on their man. Bellew was quick to remind him of this.

"Are you going to tell them all to bet on me again?" Bellew taunted. "They all made a fortune betting on me to knock you out!"

Haye simply ignored the latest taunts. "I know we are both going to be better versions of who we were in the last fight," he said.

"I am going to do what I said I would do last time, and you guys are unfortunately going to see the end of Tony Bellew."

Bellew then took to the podium and piled the pressure on his opponent.

"For the first time in your whole career, you are going to be fighting for your career -- not even injury saves you this time," Bellew said. "You are going to walk to the ring and think 'if this goes wrong, nothing can save me.'"Sharda Ugra shares her thoughts on the appointment of Harendra Singh as chief coach of Indian men's hockey team (2:05)

Hockey India on Tuesday named Harendra Singh as the chief coach of the Indian men's hockey team. He will take over from Sjoerd Marijne, who returns to his job as the chief coach of the women's team.

Harendra was appointed the coach of the women's team in September 2017 and saw them finish fourth at the recently concluded Gold Coast Commonwealth Games. Last year, he had led the team to the Women's Asia Cup title in Japan.

Editor's Picks How Harendra Singh led the women's hockey team to Asia Cup glory In his first tournament as coach, Harendra Singh transformed the fortunes of the Indian women's team by encouraging them to take more risks while playing aggressive hockey.

During Marijne's first stint with the women's team, they had qualified for the Hockey World League Semi-Final. Marijne had earlier had a successful tenure with the Netherlands' women's team.

However, the Indian men's team under Marijne ended a disappointing fifth in Gold Coast, returning without a medal for the first time since the 2006 Commonwealth Games.

Both Marine and Harendra expressed satisfaction about the new roles assigned to them. "I'm excited to reunite with the women's team and will look to focus on building on the good form exhibited by the team in last six months as we look forward to the Women's Hockey World Cup 2018," said Marijne.

Harendra said, "It is an honour for me to now manage the Indian men's hockey team. It has been a very satisfying journey with the Indian women's hockey team and I would like to thank Hockey India for entrusting me with the new role as we prepare ourselves for a very important season ahead."Introducing the new ESPN app, your place for all the latest scores, news and video content.

Get the ESPN App from the iTunes App Store to get the latest sports scores, news and videos. Download the app now. DOWNLOAD

The new ESPN UK app is out now and available to download. Tailored to the sports you love, follow your favourites as well as additional content from ESPN around the world. Simply download the app, log in and start selecting your favourite teams and sports to stay up to date with all the latest scores, news and videos.

What do you get with ESPN?

Fast access to scores from Cricket, Football, F1, Tennis, NBA, MLB, Golf, NFL and more.

Get the ESPN App from the Google Play Store to get the latest sports scores, news and videos. Download the app now. DOWNLOAD

Stories and videos from your favourite teams and leagues front and centre in your favourites feed. Simply pick your favourite leagues and teams to get started.

Get real-time notifications on score updates and breaking news for your favourite teams, directly to your device.

Download the app today.It's hard to believe, but we're already a couple of weeks removed from WrestleMania 34. The Raw and SmackDown rosters have gone through dramatic transformations, courtesy of the Superstar Shakeup, and the rest of 2018 seems full of potential with a blank canvas to work with moving forward.

Editor's Picks A look ahead to WrestleMania 35 With WrestleMania 34 and the Superstar Shakeup now in the rearview mirror, the WWE on ESPN staff projects which matches will highlight the show when the WWE returns to MetLife Stadium on April 7, 2019.

After the Superstar Shakeup, what is the state of NXT? The Superstar Shakeup resulted in the transition of some of NXT's top talent to Raw and SmackDown, but Triple H is optimistic about what's ahead for the brand and the performers are ready to take the next step. 1 Related

Since the last edition of the ESPN WWE Power Rankings, a lot has happened. Not only were there seismic shifts at WrestleMania and in the Superstar Shakeup, but Daniel Bryan improbably returned to in-ring action and promptly picked up right where he left off in terms of both fan support and in-ring acumen. Ronda Rousey shocked the world with what might've been the match of the night at WrestleMania, in what was her first career match of any kind.

There's one more potentially transformative event on the horizon, as the Greatest Royal Rumble in Saudi Arabia next Friday promises to shake things up a little bit further, but one glimpse into the current landscapes of Raw and SmackDown show there's already a pecking order coming together on each show.

Without further ado, here's how the top 10 of our latest ESPN WWE Power Rankings played out:

Rankings are based upon the perceived value of a superstar to the on-screen product of WWE, which is determined by the voting of a panel of WWE on ESPN contributors. Number in parentheses ( ) indicates first-place votes.

1 AJ Styles (3) -

The best in-ring performer in the WWE came out of WrestleMania with the WWE championship belt still around his waist. The match with Shinsuke Nakamura was more good than great, but Nakamura's heel turn following that match and in the weeks since should add a new and intriguing dynamic to a rivalry that appears to be far from over. (Sean Coyle)

2 Braun Strowman (1) +1

I mean, Nicholas was a close contender for this spot, but it's clear to see just how over Strowman is with the live crowds. A five-star match isn't the type of thing that's going to define him as a star, and in all reality, positioning him for where he'll go next is probably going to be the biggest challenge for WWE. He is truly the unbeatable monster they wanted him to be, so now it's a question of who can step up to challenge Strowman in a legitimate feud. No matter who it is, all eyes are on Braun, and he deserves it. (Andrew Feldman)

3 Daniel Bryan (1) NR

For anyone thinking Daniel Bryan was going to take his time and ease back into action upon the news of his in-ring return, think again. His WrestleMania match against Kevin Owens and Sami Zayn offered a clear sign that he's as sharp as ever in the ring, and Bryan followed that up with matches against, and then alongside, Styles that teased a future rivalry for the ages. A future grudge match with The Miz awaits, although Big Cass abruptly threw himself in the way on Tuesday. The current makeup of the SmackDown roster offers a long list of dream opponents moving forward for Bryan, but that'll all come in due time. (Tim Fiorvanti)

4 Ronda Rousey NR

It might seem strange to compare Rousey to Braun Strowman, but as of right now, Ronda is similarly being positioned as the one person in the Raw women's division that nobody wants to mess with. She is going to have to take a step back to develop her character and become a bit more natural on the microphone, which is part of her ongoing development of her skill set. But there's no denying she is engaging, and the WrestleMania match proved she has what it takes to make it in this world. (Feldman)

5 Seth Rollins NR

It's so good to see Rollins getting the push he deserves. Rollins is a five-tool player, and he can cut a promo or tell a story in the ring equally well. Most of all, he's able to go out and thrill the audience every time he steps into the ring. Rollins will add plenty of cachet to the Intercontinental championship, but it shouldn't be long before he's also a fixture in the Universal title picture. (Matt Wilansky)

6 The Miz -2

Despite all odds, The Miz avoided getting lost in the shuffle on Monday Night Raw and ultimately continued to elevate the Intercontinental championship during his eighth career run with the title. After a year away, Miz returns to a much different SmackDown, but one that's primed for Miz to step up once again. After rebuilding his name through a series of angry promos and confrontations with Bryan while Bryan was still not cleared for in-ring action, Miz will have to face the music upon his return -- and that should make for a highly personal rivalry that should be one of the highlights of the year on SmackDown. (Fiorvanti)

7 Brock Lesnar -1

Lesnar may be at a career crossroads right now, but he's still the straw that stirs the drink of this company. His return match against Roman Reigns at the Greatest Royal Rumble, inside of a steel cage, should be telling in terms of his own future, the future of Roman Reigns and the direction things are heading in on Raw. (K.C. Joyner)

8 Roman Reigns -6

Reigns' WrestleMania 34 loss to Brock Lesnar wasn't the brightest of moments in his career, but Reigns is, and will remain, a main-event superstar for the foreseeable future. It was his fourth straight WrestleMania main event, after all; only Hulk Hogan accomplished that feat before him. That speaks to Reigns' consistent ability to perform at an elite level, despite the frequent negativity thrown his way by portions of the WWE fan base. (Coyle)

9 Charlotte Flair -3

Flair's show-stealing match against Asuka at WrestleMania 34 was so incredible that this time next year, no one is going to remember that Flair lost her SmackDown women's title belt two days later. They will instead be thinking about the prospect of Flair headlining WrestleMania 35. (Joyner)

10 Nia Jax NR

Playing up her real-life struggles with self-worth and body image in her storyline and paying it off at WrestleMania against Alexa Bliss was a brilliant move. Jax winning the women's Raw championship was proof that perseverance pays off, and it's tough not to be happy for her. Now it's time to see what she can do as champ. (Wilansky)

Dropped from rankings: Asuka, John Cena, Shinsuke Nakamura, Kevin Owens & Sami Zayn

Honorable mention: Jeff Hardy, Elias, Nakamura, Bray Wyatt & Matt Hardy, Samoa Joe, Carmella, The Bludgeon Brothers, Owens & Zayn"I've been playing for 15 years now. My body is wearing out."

His eyes are bloodshot, his face pained. His tone is subdued, his voice a half-whisper. It feels nothing like a victorious postmatch interview. He almost looks ready to cry.

Editor's Picks Testing grounds for Marvel vs. Capcom Infinite Even though FChamp walked away with the title at SoCal Regionals, it was Capps who stole the show. His takeaway? "Don't be concerned about using a popular character at the cost of becoming a statistic."

The world's second best Lucio is determined to leave APEX with a title Save for Tobi, nobody in the world does Lucio better than wakawaka. But all he can do is lament his level of skill as a DPS now that he's forced to "retreat to the Lucio role."

EDward Gaming got to Worlds by learning to lose EDward Gaming entered 2017 with holes in its roster and questions about its ability to contend in the League of Legends Pro League, let alone the World Championships. But EDG, despite one of the worst lineups in the team's history on-paper, is back again. 2 Related

For most of the past decade, Lee "Jaedong" Jae-dong was a freak of nature who would regularly pull off moves that few had even thought possible. His sheer mechanical superiority -- best exemplified by his inimitable Zergling and Mutalisk micro -- allowed him to play in an absurdly aggressive style without suffering from the inconsistency inherent in such approaches.

But as transcendent as his play was, he could not elude the passage of time. Now, at 27, his body is no longer capable of sustaining the prolonged physical strain of top level StarCraft. It takes only a few games for his eyes to start drying out, his wrists and fingers to start throbbing in agony.

For Jaedong, training has become an act of conscious self-destruction. The best doctors in the country have urged him to quit. They told him that no procedure could undo the damage done to his wrists.

But he can't -- not just yet.

"For today's matches, I practiced as much as I used to during my days as a professional," he says with the faintest tinge of pride.

In his prime, Jaedong was acknowledged as the hardest worker in esports, a machine who put in 16-hour sessions for weeks on end. To have matched those hours in his current medical state is lunacy. But then again, his competitive streak has always bordered on lunacy. He may have lost his cutting edge, but the manic drive that has fueled his entire career remains intact.

And it's killing him as much as it's fueling him.

Due to his unimpressive online form in recent months, many of Jaedong's fans were unsure whether he would perform well in his Afreeca Starleague round of 24 matches. One even went to a traditional fortune teller's house in desperate search of assurance. For Jaedong, the very fact that such concerns had surfaced was infuriating, embarrassing and depressing. He was the best player in the world less than 10 years ago; how wasn't he being considered as a lock-in for a "mere" ASL round of 16?

Jaedong knows why, of course: he wasn't playing well enough. He also knows the simplest solution: playing better. But at this stage of his career (where he has nothing left to prove) with injuries plaguing him (every practice session is causing him irrevocable harm), he's unsure if mindlessly pushing himself to play better is still the best answer.

A small part of Jaedong wants to go all-in again just like the old days -- to break his back trying to win everything or die trying. But that won't really be worth it, and not just because of his health. What he really wants is to be something more than a nostalgic shadow of his former self. And that's something he can't do by playing StarCraft: Remastered a bit better, or even a lot better.

Jaedong will always be the greatest Zerg in StarCraft history, but he will never again be the greatest Zerg in StarCraft history, either. He is still unsure how to process that. He has lost to time; he is lost in time.

"I'm still not accustomed to losing so regularly," he says. "Back in the days, I almost never lost. But now each and every win feels like a struggle. I'm still trying to figure out how to make peace with it."

On the bright side, Jaedong is content with his current life, at least on the whole, largely thanks to continued support from his fans. His physical and existential woes frustrate him at times, but whenever he pulls out a great game, giving his viewers a whiff of prime Jaedong -- those moments of communal bliss, he says, are great enough to sustain him through the darker moments. He also still is pulling positive energy from the memories he made on Evil Geniuses: he says it was one of the happiest periods of his life, and is sad that he can't connect with foreign fans as much anymore.

But Jaedong's playing days are very limited. He will start his mandatory military service sometime next year, and considering his health, it would not be surprising if he lets go of StarCraft a few months before then. There is a high chance that ASL Season 4 will be the Tyrant's last tournament ever.

"I've been pushing myself really hard so far because my fans have high expectations of me, but I probably won't be able to do so for much longer, with my eyes and wrists and stress and all," Jaedong says quietly, dropping his gaze.

"I can't tell you exactly when I'll quit gaming, but it's not that far off."ABOUT COOKIES

We use cookies to help make this website better, to improve our services and for advertising purposes. You can learn more about our use of cookies and change your browser settings in order to avoid cookies by clicking here. Otherwise, we'll assume you are OK to continue.

ContinueNew England Patriots coach Bill Belichick and former New York Yankees closer Mariano Rivera are among the people nominated by President Donald Trump for the President's Council on Sports, Fitness, and Nutrition.

Along with Rivera, former NFL running back Herschel Walker and three-time beach volleyball gold medalist Misty May-Treanor were tabbed to co-chair the council in an announcement released Friday.

Other council member nominees are former Boston Red Sox and Yankees outfielder Johnny Damon; golfer Natalie Gulbis; Kyle Snyder, an Olympic gold medalist in freestyle wrestling; and silver-medal-winning bobsledder Shauna Rohbock.

The President's Council on Sports, Fitness, and Nutrition encourages Americans to live a healthy lifestyle that balances physical activity and good nutrition. The council was founded in 1956.

In a statement, Belichick said the council's mission aligns with both his and his foundation's goals and values.

"The physical fitness of children in our country is an apolitical issue that is extremely important to our future," Belichick said. "When I was contacted by Ivanka Trump and asked to participate, I was humbled to be asked and honored to accept, as I would have done for any administration. I know that a lot of great leaders have participated on the Council over the past half century, some who are personal inspirations to me, and I am eager to lend any assistance I can to its ongoing mission."

Outside sports, actor and bodybuilder Lou Ferrigno, television personality Dr. Mehmet Oz and a number of business executives were also selected to be part of the 23-member council.

If approved, all member of the President's Council will serve two-year terms.Overwatch League is back, and we've hit the halfway point of the season with Stage 3 under way. The top five has surprisingly shifted considerably since we last visited the power rankings, so let's jump right in. Editor's Picks Everything you need to know for Overwatch League Season 1 The Overwatch League Season 1 has a lot of moving parts to it. Come learn about the teams, structure, payout and more on the ESPN Esports Overwatch page.

1. New York Excelsior

Movement: No movement

NYXL steeled itself and took home the title at the end of Stage 2 against a rising Philadelphia Fusion. New York reverse-swept the Fusion to earn that title, but have been nothing short of dominant to start Stage 3 of the Overwatch League with a perfect combined map score of 8-0 against the Florida Mayhem and London Spitfire. Kim "Libero" Hye-sun has truly blossomed into a top tier DPS for New York and provides all the flexibility the team will ever need.

The first week of Stage 3 not only saw two XL victories, but also the return of "big boss" Kim "Pine" Do-hyeon. Pine sat on the sidelines for much of Stage 2 due to personal issues and while Libero has taken up Widowmaker duties well recently, Pine's return will be key for the XL's overall hitscan flexibility.

2. Philadelphia Fusion

Movement: +3

The Fusion had less than a ten percent chance to make it into the Stage 2 playoffs in Week 5, but ended up stomping the Spitfire and making it into the final against New York. Josue "Eqo" Corona and crew could not close out against the XL, but still proved their class. Eqo was recently suspended for three games, but the Fusion largely looked good without him.

Simon "snillo" Erkstrom is as impressive as ever on Tracer, but had to flex a bit more in Eqo's absence, while Lee "Carpe" Jae-hyeok served as the team's backbone. Fusion still looked strong against an improved Boston Uprising and similarly improved Florida Mayhem, but the team was not running at full capacity. Look out when Eqo makes his return to the lineup.

3. London Spitfire

Movement: -1

The Stage 1 champions fell to the Fusion to end Stage 2 and so far, Stage 3 has not been any more kind to the all-Korean roster. The Spitfire lost to the Houston Outlaws for the third time this year, surrendering the season series, while also dropping like a fly against the NYXL. London clearly has all the talent to stay at the top of the league and look good at its best, but there has been a consistent issue.

London's full-dive ran into problems against the Outlaws' controlled style centered around Jacob "Jake" Lyon's Junkrat, but the bigger problem at hand later in the week was roster swaps. The team's performance has varied greatly while starting members of the GC Busan roster, leaving the team with more losses than it needs. It is a long season, but giving away too many wins is less than ideal for late season placement.

4. Boston Uprising

Movement: +2

Here comes Boston. The Uprising struggled in Stage 2 following the Mercy changes, but had a brief swing at the end of the stage, taking down the Los Angeles Gladiators. Boston continued that trend against Philadelphia, the Stage 2 runner-ups, and Houston, who just defeated the Spitfire in a 3-2 nailbiter. Kwon "Striker" Nam-joo continues to tear apart opposing backlines on the Tracer, in conjunction with perfect dives from main tank, Noh "Gamsu" Young-jin.

The Uprising might be the best pure dive team in the league right now, returning back to its form from Stage 1, and that is exciting for Boston fans as a whole. It remains to be seen if the team can really hang with the very best for an extended amount of time, but for now, it clearly sets itself apart from the middle of the pack.

5. Los Angeles Valiant

Movement: +2

The Valiant have been in and out of the top of the rankings, but fifth feels suitable for the Los Angeles squad. The team's numerous transactions near the end of the signing deadline was an alarm for many fans, but it performed well with Brady "Agilities" Girardi, Indy "Space" Halpern, and Scott "Custa" Kennedy in the fold.

A decisive 4-0 over the Seoul Dynasty was its big win of the week, which was soon followed by an absolutely dominating performance over the new Shanghai Dragons lineup. The Valiant were impressive and Space is clearly a great replacement for Lee "Envy" Kang-Jae, but wins over Seoul's B-lineup and a Shanghai roster learning the ropes are still not of the greatest value.

6. Houston Outlaws

Movement: +3

Oh, the Outlaws. Houston acquired its first Korean player in between Stage 2 and 3, in Jeong "Arhan" Won-yeop, but still ran a fully Western roster to open the stage. Another win over the Spitfire had the team looking great to start the stage, but the team quickly ran into the sledgehammer that was the Boston Uprising.

The Outlaws are still great at controlling the dive of other teams with Jake's excellent Junkrat play, while also having the best counter sniper in the league, Jiri "Linkzr" Masalin, so the team sits happily in the middle. Houston still challenges the top teams, but it continues to search for the consistency it boasted near the end of Stage 1.

7. Seoul Dynasty

Movement: -4

It was a make-or-break week for the Dynasty, and unfortunately for Seoul, the team broke. The first loss to NYXL was a close one, but the beatdown by Spitfire has brought back flashbacks of Stage 1 when Seoul fell apart at the end of the quarter to miss out on the playoffs. With only two matches remaining in the stage for Seoul, its postseason destiny is no longer in its own hands. It needs the LA Gladiators to lose some maps to have a chance at making the Stage 2 postseason.

Seoul has lived and died by how much space and work its DPS ace Kim "Fleta" Byung-sun can do, and he was shut down against the two all-South Korean teams this past week. He was serviceable against NYXL, grabbing 39 kills to 36 deaths, but was stonewalled in the series with London, dying the same amount of times as he did against New York and only putting up 26 kills. When Fleta has been at his MVP peak, Seoul win. When he doesn't put up numbers, Seoul, like it did last week, struggles.

8. San Francisco Shock

Movement: --

In a Week 1 with teams fielding new roster additions and a more volatile map pool that includes both Blizzard World and Junkertown, the Shock came out looking alright. Like many teams this past week, they look better than before and they should continue to improve with their latest additions of Park "Architect" Min-ho and Choi "ChoiHyoBin" Hyo-bin into the lineup in the coming weeks. Also like many teams this past week, the question is not only of how their new lineup will come together but whether it can happen in time to elevate the Shock from being the solid ninth-place team that they've been for the past two stages.

9. Los Angeles Gladiators

Movement: -5

From one Los Angeles team to another, Ted "Silkthread" Wang had a strong debut this past week for Gladiators. He'll later be joined by Kang "Void" Jun-woo as the team's other offseason pickup and the Gladiators have a good record with recent acquisitions. Baek "Fissure" Chan-hyung continues to shine since he came to the team in Stage 2, and his tank play has opened up more opportunities for Lane "Surefour" Roberts and Choi "Asher" Jun-sung. Although it's repetitive to say, with most of these teams in the bottom six, it's not a matter of them being bad teams, but whether they can improve enough to make a dent in the mid-to-top tier of teams, and this is also true of the Gladiators, who will look to integrate their new players into a lineup that was improving through Stage 2.

10. Florida Mayhem

Movement: --

With so many teams fielding stronger rosters with new offseason acquisitions, the addition of Ha "Sayaplayer" Jung-woo to the Mayhem's starting lineup is a great move for the team and his debut lead to an unlikely Route 66 map win (despite an overall 3-1 loss) to the Fusion. Together with Andreas "Logix" Berghmans' Tracer, the Mayhem have a strong DPS duo that's unfortunately hampered by inconsistent play from their support line. The arrival of tank Kim "aWsomeGuy" Sung-hoon should help, but a push out of the mid-to-bottom of the league will require stronger support play and near-perfect cohesion.

11. Dallas Fuel

Movement: --

After a strong 3-1 victory over the Shanghai Dragons - a match that many had said could be the Dragons' best chance at picking up any match win - the Dallas Fuel seemed on the rise. Things were quickly put in their place by the LA Gladiators two days later, making the final map loss on Junkertown against Shanghai stand out worse by comparison. It's no secret that Dallas has talent, but the lineup continued to shift in pursuit of a consistent tank line while Son "OGE" Min-seok was out of commission. Pongphop "Mickie" Rattanasangchod and Brandon "Seagull" Larned filled fairly well in as the main tank and flex tank respectively, but their coordination with the rest of the team - and the team's coordination in general - is still sorely lacking, leaving the supports unprotected. Dallas does look better, but so do Florida and the Gladiators. Now the question is which of these teams can keep improving steadily throughout the split, and Dallas still has a long way to go.

12. Shanghai Dragons

Movement: --

Despite a few hopeful predictions of an upset against Dallas Fuel, the Shanghai Dragons extended the winless streak through the first week of Stage 3. The good news is that recent additions of Cheon "Ado" Gi-hyeon, Kim "Geguri" Se-hyeon, Lee "Fearless" Eui-seok, He "Sky" Junjian (formerly "zhufanjun" of Miraculous Youngster), and Kim "Daemin" Dae-min are a breath of fresh air for the team in the wake of Fang "Undead" Chao's departure. Lu "Diya" Weida's return could offer even more flexibility when it comes to DPS heroes. The bad news is that these players need time to learn how to communicate with each other and time is slowly running out. Many of the Dragon's mistakes this past week weren't mechanical but obvious communication errors that led to ill-timed attacks and pushes.When 100 Thieves took down Clutch Gaming's Nexus in Game 5 of the North American League Championship Series semifinals, the team didn't jump up and celebrate. Instead, mid laner Yoo "Ryu" Sang-wook immediately chugged some water in relief. They all took off their headphones, while jungler William "Meteos" Hartman and top laner Kim "Ssumday" Chan-ho shared a fist bump. AD carry Cody "Cody Sun" Sun was the first to stand as the team wearily stumbled toward each other and hugged. 100 Thieves had qualified for the NA LCS finals in Miami -- now they'd be facing Team Liquid in the title match.

Editor's Picks The 2018 League of Legends Hub The 2018 League of Legends Hub is your stop for all the information you need. You'll find stats, standings, results, recaps and more, all in one place.

The crew breaks down the spring split finals between Team Liquid and 100 Thieves ESPORTS

League of Legends monthly global power rankings - March 2018 The strongest League of Legends team can shift dramatically week to week, but who were the best through the month of March? 2 Related

A few moments later, head coach Neil "pr0lly" Hammad collapsed onto the couch in the press room. I congratulated him and teased him a bit for being the Jin Air Green Wings of North America, a slight dig at the team's lengthy 39.1 average game time during the regular season and 74-minute Game 5 against Clutch.

"I feel a bit worse that you called us the NA Jin Air," he said, laughing.

Meanwhile, looking out at the empty LCS Battle Arena stage, Meteos shook his bangs from his eyes as he mulled over the series. He didn't think much of their performance, despite the victory and finals bid.

"I think that when we got first seed, we had a good chance of making finals just because we get the bye and we get to play the lowest-seeded team remaining," Meteos said. "I don't know if our current state is that good. Today, we didn't really play that well."

The reaction on social media was harsh. Tweets and comments on reddit sarcastically congratulated Team Liquid on its likely victory over 100 Thieves in the finals, given the slow, plodding pace of 100T's win in the semifinals.

In the inaugural split of the NA LCS franchise era, 100 Thieves were an interesting mixture of old and new, united under a brand built from the ground up by Matthew "Nadeshot" Haag, formerly of Optic Gaming. Nadeshot received funding from Cleveland Cavaliers' Dan Gilbert, yet another example of the NBA's growing interest in esports investment.

The lineup was almost entirely made of veteran players: Ssumday, Meteos, Ryu, support Zaqueri "aphromoo" Black and even their coach, pr0lly. Cody Sun was the youngest on the team, and even he had represented North America at a World Championship. Save for top laner Ssumday, all those players had question marks hanging above their heads going into this split.

Throughout 2017, the community vacillated on whether aphromoo was the star of Counter Logic Gaming or washed up, especially when he wasn't on engage champions. Cody Sun had a major gaffe at the 2017 World Championship that became a sour cherry on top of a bitter sundae when IMT failed to make it out of the group stage. On Phoenix1, Ryu suffered from motivation issues and was taken out of the starting lineup for a few weeks in favor of Choi "Pirean" Jun-sik.

Meteos joined Phoenix1 in 2017 after leaving Cloud9. Riot Games

And then there was Meteos, a legacy jungler in his own right from 2013 to 2017 on Cloud9. After leaving the team, he joined Phoenix1 and worked through his own issues during the competitive season. At first, he was simply a substitute while the team caught jungler Rami "Inori" Charagh up to speed. But Meteos quickly became the team's starting jungler instead, starting a few games at the beginning of the summer split. But eventually, the starting position was handed over to rookie Michael "MikeYeung" Yeung.

"People always mention that I stopped playing entirely, but it's never really been that way," Meteos said. "Last year was just a break for me. I never said that I wasn't going to play again. It was more like, I'm just going to take this year to chill, to catch up on some other areas of my life that I've been neglecting since LCS is such a full-time thing. Like seeing family, friends, just experiencing life a bit. As the year was coming to a close, I was like 'Yeah, I'm ready to play again.'"

On 100 Thieves, Meteos found stability and a new home on a team of veteran voices. Although 100T had an up-and-down split, their ability to communicate and improve week to week eventually led them to the top of the standings -- and now, the NA LCS finals.

"I knew it would be a difficult split because I have a lot of veterans and a lot of smart people on the team," pr0lly said. "They know the basic fundamentals of the game, so it's always hard to explain a concept that you already know everyone understands on the team -- but it's important that they discuss their nuances with each other."

Combining everyone's experience into not only a cohesive vision, but strong execution on the Rift, has been the team's greatest challenge.

"Everyone is coming from different teams, so everyone wants to do things in a different way," aphromoo said. "It was rough to learn it, but once we did, our games were a lot cleaner and our scrims were way cleaner."

Much of this began with Meteos, who has controlled not only his own jungle but those of his opponents. With consistent pressure, he has been able to at times give his team a natural tempo advantage.

Provided by Riot Games

"I don't think I've outperformed everyone by a large margin, but I don't think I'm dead weight on my team or anything," Meteos said in a quick self-evaluation.

For him, joining 100 Thieves has been less about becoming the best jungler in the league -- although he's always looking to improve and learn more within the role -- but becoming a certain kind of teammate. Looking back on his past performances, he's harsh on himself and credits his time with former Cloud9 mid laner Hai "Hai" Du Lam for giving him a strong example to follow.

"One thing I always respected about him is that I think he made everyone on his team play better," Meteos said. "I think there are two kinds of ways you can be as a player: You can be the kind of player who sucks the life out of their teammates to make themselves look good or you can be the type of player who breathes life into their teammates and lifts them up. After playing with Hai, it made me want to be the latter."

Meteos' teammates echo this statement.

"Meteos is very honest about what he wants, probably got it from Hai," aphromoo said. "He really sets the mood for our team, as well. He really brings us up."Liverpool reached their first Champions League final in 11 years, but once again made it far harder than it needed to be in a 7-6 aggregate win over Roma after falling 4-2 in the Stadio Olimpico on Wednesday. Throughout the tie, two iffy penalties and an own goal made it closer than it really was.

Positives

They did excellently to pick off Roma when the home side had to push forward and easily got the goals they needed to make the result secure -- but only just.

Negatives

Once again defence and game management emerged as the Reds' only real weaknesses. It's almost as though retaining possession is just too boring for them and a Roma side not on their level were allowed to come back into it.

Manager rating out of 10

7 -- The team, for better or worse, is what it is and where it is thanks to Jurgen Klopp. Very few teams could go through after conceding six goals, but Liverpool managed it because few teams can handle this exceptional attack.

Player ratings: (1-10; 10=best. Players introduced after 70 minutes get no rating)

GK Loris Karius, 7 -- Catching was mostly excellent, and considering Roma put in plenty of crosses, it needed to be. Poor effort for the hosts' second, when he palmed a shot straight to danger man Edin Dzeko, but other saves were needed. Lucky not to concede a penalty, too.

DF Trent Alexander-Arnold, 7 -- Early nerves were understandable but kept his head and passed well throughout, always supporting his forwards. Roma focussed most of their pressure on his side of the pitch, and with support from midfield he just about managed to do his job.

DF Dejan Lovren, 6 -- Not a great clearance for Roma's first, but he was unlucky to hit James Milner in the face with his clearance for an own goal. Good on crosses and clearances but couldn't get near Dzeko all night and gave away a dangerous free kick, for which he was rightly booked.

DF Virgil van Dijk, 7 -- A mostly calm display, but he has lapsed into the Liverpool habit of continually searching for a killer pass when quiet, methodical possession could have thwarted the Italians' comeback. Great on headed clearances once again.

DF Andrew Robertson, 8 -- The youngster charged forward on every occasion and created one or two great opportunities that should have been converted. Roma attacks rarely came down the left, but credit the Scot's current form because they probably viewed that as a waste of time.

Mohamed Salah in action during Liverpool's Champions League defeat to Roma. FILIPPO MONTEFORTE/AFP/Getty Images

MF Jordan Henderson, 7 -- Good captain's display. Rarely did anything flashy but was doing all the right things Liverpool needed to ease pressure and lower the temperature of the game. Unfortunately, few of his teammates did the same.

MF James Milner, 7 -- Unlucky own goal but did his work diligently and effectively. Carried the ball forward well late on, but others were tiring by then and could not take advantage.

MF Georginio Wijnaldum, 8 -- An away goal at last for the Dutchman, and what a time to get it. Did his usual hard work and tried to protect Alexander-Arnold when Roma began putting on pressure. In the end, his goal put Liverpool through.

FW Sadio Mane, 9 -- Missed big chances in the first leg but took just a few minutes to get a goal on Wednesday when it truly mattered. Lots of intelligent running and dribbling, he was a constant thorn in defenders' sides. Probably shouldn't have come off, as Roma just couldn't cope with him.

FW Mohamed Salah, 6 -- A rare off night for the Egyptian as a long season and homecoming nerves seemed to take their toll. Rarely shot well, though he tried more often than he probably should have, and didn't link up well with others. He's done so much to get Liverpool into this final that it was about time others covered for him.

FW Roberto Firmino, 7 -- Handed the ball on a plate to set up Mane's opener but was still exceptionally calm at such an early stage of this vital game. Did his normal work but just couldn't summon enough guile to help make the game secure and tired late on.

Substitutes

DF Ragnar Klavan, NR -- Brought on to stiffen up the defence but nearly caused havoc by conceding a very harsh penalty. Luckily it was the last action of a tense game.

FW Dominic Solanke, NR -- Klopp needed fresh legs to take the ball into the corners and waste time, but Solanke rarely got the chance.

DF Nathaniel Clyne, NR -- Put on to waste precious seconds and took no part in the action.Guenther Steiner says Haas needs to record a strong weekend soon in order to banish the memory of its frustrating start to 2018.

Editor's Picks Magnussen clarifies 'die in car' remarks Kevin Magnussen has revealed he apologised many times to Toro Rosso driver Pierre Gasly after the two drivers touched wheels at the Azerbaijan Grand Prix.

Ahead of the start of the European leg of the season, Haas finds itself in eighth position despite consistently having a car capable of challenging for the 'best of the rest' spot behind Mercedes, Ferrari and Red Bull at the opening four races. The new campaign has been littered with costly errors -- most notably a double pit-stop blunder in Australia while running fourth and fifth and Romain Grosjean inexplicably crashing under Safety Car conditions while running sixth in the closing stages of the Azerbaijan Grand Prix.

Speaking about the Grosjean crash in Baku, Steiner said: "You don't expect from a rookie or anybody, I don't know much about it because I need to look into it what happened. I think we are not using the potential of the car to get in the points. We should be quite well up there because the car is performing very well.

"In the race we saw we started last and were P8 with Romain behind Perez. That was on speed because everybody had one stop so there was nothing... Sure the Safety Car comes out and we are in P6 all of a sudden but then we go home with nothing."

Haas has scored just 11 points from the opening four races despite having a car capable of regular top-ten finishes. Clive Mason/Getty Images

Despite another race of wondering what might have been, Steiner remains encouraged with the car's raw pace.

"The potential is there that we get some more because the car is constantly at a good level. Even when the other ones are bringing upgrades. We were fast on five race tracks, which is a quarter of the season. It doesn't do credit to what we have got. We just need to get a good weekend and we will have forgotten about the bad ones."

Steiner believes getting a good run of momentum going will be key to the team converting its potential into the points it deserves.

When asked how he manages the team's bad luck in his role as team boss, he said: "You've just got to tell people that you haven't done anything wrong. It's not your fault that Romain went in the wall, we did a good job, we did good pitstops, we prepared the car well.

"The whole weekend, until qualifying started, was very well executed, we had no down time with the car and we did a lot of good things. The guys know themselves if they are good or not. Until you get the momentum going assure them they are doing good. They keep on coming back because they are convinced that we can get it done. They are not lacking.

"In the position like we are in we have got a good team, everything is good, we just need to get it together for one weekend, execute it well over the whole weekend and we will be fine. Just at the moment it feels like we always let it slip. Then you always feel like you are running out of time but then again it's only race four. I'm not saying its fantastic, we should have done better."Jerry Crasnick breaks down Toronto's options with Josh Donaldson now that the third baseman has agreed to a one-year deal for $23 million. (0:53)

From the free agents set to cash in to the big-name stars sure to come up in trade rumors all winter long, keep up with all of the latest action.

Key links

• Predicting where remaining free agents will land

• Insider: Law -- Top 50 free agents

• Insider: Projecting the biggest free-agent deals

• Insider: Teams stuck in payroll hell

• Insider: Best bets to break out in 2018

• Follow all 2017 offseason transactions

Reaction to biggest hot stove moves

Rick Scuteri/USA TODAY Sports

• Law (Insider): Even on a three-year deal, Arrieta a strange fit for Phillies

• Schoenfield: By adding Jake Arrieta, Phillies send $75 million message they're going for it

• Doolittle: Hosmer striking it rich in San Diego is crazy enough to work

• Lauber: Finally! Red Sox get their man in J.D. Martinez -- and he's way more than a consolation prize

• Law (Insider): Martinez gives the Red Sox what they need, but for how long?

• Doolittle: Hosmer striking it rich in San Diego is crazy enough to work

• Law (Insider): Why the prospect-packed Padres spent too much on Hosmer

• Rogers: Saving their best pitching move for last, Cubs finally sign Yu Darvish

• Schoenfield: What does the Darvish deal mean for everyone else?

• Law (Insider): Cubs regain their edge in NL Central by signing Yu Darvish

• Schoenfield (Insider): Grading the Brewers' hot stove splash

• Law (Insider): Marlins finally get it right in Yelich trade

• Law (Insider): Marlins finally get it right with prospects in Yelich trade

• Grading the Brewers' moves (Insider): Trade for Yelich, sign Cain

• Doolittle: Can the Giants make one last run with McCutchen?

• Law (Insider): Giants fill hole with McCutchen, but are far from contention

• Trade grades (Insider): Astros get Cole from Pirates

• Schoenfield: Mets bring back Jay Bruce to break baseball's hot stove cold snap

• Law (Insider): Rockies pay a steep price for Wade Davis

• Trade grades (Insider): Giants get Longoria from Rays

• Olney: Dodgers, Braves both profit from creative, debt-defying deal

• Doolittle: After signing Zack Cozart, Angels are going to the postseason if ...

• Doolittle: For Cardinals, Marcell Ozuna deal should be just the beginning

Will the Orioles trade Machado?

Karl Merton Ferron/TNS/Zuma Press

• Szymborski (Insider): How much more valuable is he as a shortstop?

• Schoenfield: Which teams are the best fit for Manny Machado?

• Rogers: Cubs should trade Addison Russell for Manny Machado

• Olney: Why the Orioles and others should sell now

Inside the winter meetings

Kim Klement-USA TODAY Sports

• Doolittle: Growing divide between elite teams and also-rans on display

• Crasnick: Winter meetings talk sets the stage for offseason action

• Miller: The four teams no one talked about at the winter meetings

• Szymborski (Insider): Winter meetings winners and losers

Yankees land Stanton

Giancarlo Stanton put up huge power numbers in 2017. Rob Carr/Getty Images

• Marchand: How Yankees pulled off Giancarlo Stanton trade

• Marchand: Adding Giancarlo Stanton signals return of the Evil Empire

• Insider: Why the Stanton deal makes so much sense for the Yankees

• Marchand: For Jeter, dealing with fallout of Stanton deal a new ballgame

• FiveThirtyEight: How much should we fear Stanton in pinstripes?

• Insider: Stanton deal a lost opportunity for the Marlins

Ohtani signs with Angels

The Angels envision Shohei Ohtani as a designated hitter on days that he isn't on the mound. Joe Scarnici/Getty Images

• Miller: Ohtani choosing Angels says a lot about MLB and Mike Trout

• Angels welcome Shohei Ohtani, plot course for two-way Japanese star

• Schonefield: Ohtani makes Angels a contender

Will the Astros repeat?

Ezra Shaw/Getty Images

• Way-too-early 2018 Power Rankings

• Olney: Astros look ready to launch a dynasty, but so did the Cubs

• Doolittle: How L.A. can take the next step in 2018

• Szymborski (Insider): Teams that need to go for it in 2018

• Szymborski (Insider): Baseball's stealth contenders for 2018

• Odds to win 2018 World SeriesIt's a scenario Viswanathan Anand is not entirely used to. But one that's assuming a disconcerting regularity in his calendar and mind space. For the second successive time, the Indian has been ruled out of reckoning for the World Chess Championship, and it's not a comforting truth for someone who has been part of almost every title match over the past decade.

This year, it's a cut harsher. It will be the first time since he became World champion in 2007 that Anand won't even be part of the qualifying process.

"I guess it's easier this time since I've done it already," Anand, a five-time world champion, tells ESPN, "In a way my focus has just shifted to other things. My next shot at anything will only be in 2019 so till then I'll just play whatever tournaments are available in circuits I go to."

Editor's Picks Anand: In chess, 40 is the new 50 At 46, Viswanathan Anand's battle to stay relevant in a sport increasingly peopled by players roughly half his age only gets tougher.

The Tamilian gentleman who took on the world For two and a half decades Viswanathan Anand has been at the pinnacle of world chess. For about four years starting in 2007, he played the game as well as anyone has ever done.

Anand: Federer teaching me to hang in there EXCLUSIVE: Viswanathan Anand on how he's not going anywhere just yet, reviving his rivalry with Gary Kasparov and finding the will to hang in from Roger Federer. 2 Related

His fate became clearer and chances of a spot at the Candidates, a qualifying tournament which determines the challenger for the World Championship, came to a naught after a draw against Anton Kovalyov in the second round of the World Cup in Georgia. He had lost the first game to the Canadian and had to win the second to equalise and force a tiebreaker in the 128-player knockout tournament.

"When I'm asked if it's a relief to not have qualified for the Candidates to go over the World Championship grind all over again it's like asking someone if they're happy not to have won a lottery so they don't have to pay taxes. The World Championship is a lot of hard work but you do it because you find it fascinating. Now, I'll have more free time on my hands. I'll be still preparing for matches and tournaments but obviously not with that kind of manic intensity."

The winner of the Candidates, an eight player double-round robin tournament to be held in March next year in Berlin, will move on to contest reigning champion Magnus Carlsen for the world title in November 2018. To qualify for the Candidates, a player would have to finish -- winner or runners-up at the World Cup, among the top two at the World Chess Grand Prix Series, the top two highest average 2017 ratings or win a wild card.

"At 47, he's yet to consider a life disengaged from playing, trying and trying again, much like the average Indian who doesn't really care for the sport's algebraic notation of alphanumeric co-ordinates, with chess and Anand fused together in a singular concept. You take one away, and the other loses meaning."

Calling the size of the Candidates field a 'severe reduction' and one that could do well with at least 16 players, Anand is quick to sum up that all his probabilities for qualification are now firmly shut. "To qualify by rating now, I would need to play a tournament soon and win some unimaginable number of points, so basically I'm out of the running mathematically and I don't see any wild card chances either. Some speculation seems to suggest that it (wild card) could go to a Russian player this time."

Anand, who had an unbroken World Championship reign from 2007 up until 2013, before he fell to Nordic prodigy Carlsen twice in two years, has lived his days, weeks and months around the title match. Suddenly, in its place there's a gaping void and more free time than he's used to.

EPA/SERGEI ILNITSKY

"Last year I found it impossible to watch a World Championship game without thinking what would I be doing if I was in front of him (Carlsen). I think I've been in that scenario too often to be able to completely detach myself. But in the end there's no tension the night before I go for the first games or a week before, it's clearly not me who's playing."

When the next opportunity for a 2019 World Championship appearance presents itself, Anand will be trudging towards the rear end of 40s. He's clinical, almost unemotional about his prospects, straddling the benefits and challenges of hope, both actual and conceived. "I think my probability of winning another world title is greater than zero. Part of the fascination is just trying to see how far you get. So even if I don't go all the way, pushing yourself to try is motivating. There are an incredible number of strong players and to qualify for the Candidates, then there's Carlsen and I'm not getting any younger. So clearly my chances are going down, but I'll still try."

"When I'm asked if it's a relief to not have qualified for the Candidates to go over the World Championship grind all over again it's like asking someone if they're happy not to have won a lottery so they don't have to pay taxes." Viswanathan Anand

After an early World Cup exit in September, Anand had an impressive run at the recent Isle of Man championship, finishing joint-second with American Hikaru Nakamura and just half a point behind title winner Carlsen. Slightly favorable pairings, avoiding Carlsen, Nakamura and Fabiano Caruana, also worked to an advantage for the World No. 9. His next tournament -- London Chess Classic -- is more than 45 days away and the Indian has plans with family at the center of his extended break. "When you get three or five days, you just stare at the ceiling and recover a bit before you catch the next flight out," he says. Now, he can probably tick-off family holiday destinations from the back of his organiser.

At 47, he's yet to consider a life disengaged from playing, trying and trying again, much like the average Indian who doesn't really care for the sport's algebraic notation of alphanumeric co-ordinates, with chess and Anand fused together in a singular concept. You take one away, and the other loses meaning. From here, Anand's attempts could only grow more daunting and questions over his retirement move into an overkill. He wears all of it lightly, and still finds excitement in an interesting move or a dominating performance.

"Trying to do something for the fifth or sixth time (World Championship appearance), no matter how much you talk yourself around, it is not the same as doing it for the first time when you don't have to talk to yourself at all... There are still new things to learn and good results in tournaments still give me a rush. That feeling is still there," he says.LAS VEGAS -- There were plenty of skeptics when the NHL awarded an expansion franchise to Las Vegas.

After all, the historically transient city had never been the home of a major professional sports team before, and the idea that the first one in the market would be a hockey team didn't make much sense to cynics who viewed Vegas as nothing more than an oasis in the desert for bad beats and bad decisions.

Editor's Picks Ranking Brad Marchand's top 20 heel moments The slew-foots, the elbows, the Twitter trolling, the ... licking? Here are the greatest hits of the Bruin opposing players and fans love to hate.

Golden Knights' French connection is NHL's most interesting man French forward Pierre-Edouard Bellemare speaks three languages, spent a year in medical school and finally made the NHL at age 29. Now he's playing with house money in Vegas.

Vegas' strategy to have NHL's best home-ice advantage If the Golden Knights' early playoff performances at T-Mobile Arena are any clue, the rest of the West is in trouble. 2 Related

However, Vegas Golden Knights owner Bill Foley was able to convince the league that Las Vegas was ready to support a team with a season-ticket drive that exceeded even his own expectations. The team, which was nothing more than an idea in 2015, received deposits on more than 5,000 season tickets in the first two days and 9,000 within the first month. The goal was 10,000, but the team had to stop accepting new deposits after hitting 16,000 for a team that didn't exist that would theoretically be playing games in an arena that hadn't even been built.

The Golden Knights didn't know how they would do on the ice during their inaugural season, but they knew they would be a draw out of the gates at the new T-Mobile Arena, which seats 17,500 for hockey. Even if the team struggled, every game was essentially sold out before the season began, and the novelty of the city's first major professional sports team playing in a new arena would be enough of an attraction for locals and tourists alike.

The community has embraced the Golden Knights, and the players feed off of that energy, both at T-Mobile Arena and at their practices in Summerlin. Jeff Bottari/NHLI via Getty Images

What has been almost as shocking as the team's historic first season on the ice is what has taken place at City National Arena, the team's practice facility, located about 20 minutes off The Strip in Summerlin. At any given practice during the course of the season, the stands are filled with fans, young and old, chanting, clapping and banging the glass in support of their new favorite team.

"It's so cool when they start cheering for us when we get out there, and it immediately gives you a lift of energy," said Golden Knights defenseman Nate Schmidt. "You know you have to practice well because people are going to watch you mess up out there. It's been important for our guys every day to come out and see that. It's something I've never seen before. It's incredible. Every day, it's like a treat for us to see that. It's like a Jolly Rancher every day when you go out. It's a nice shot in the arm."

The stands at City National Arena began to fill up early in the season as Vegas started the season 8-1-0, with seven of their first nine games at home. With tickets for almost every home game sold out and reselling for top dollar on the secondary market, the best way for some fans, and certainly for families with young children, to get a close-up look at the new team in town was by going to practice.

"We expect it now, and it's become the norm; fans get excited and they make practice fun," said Golden Knights coach Gerard Gallant. "It really began after the first seven or eight games at home and there began to be a big following. People found out the practices were open to the public and people started showing up. There began to be more and more and more every day. I think it's easier when you have a facility like ours."

City National Arena is not only where the Golden Knights practice, it has become a destination of sorts, where fans can watch practice, get autographs and gather to watch away games together. Arash Markazi

The 146,000-square-foot, $30 million City National Arena opened in September and includes two NHL-sized ice rinks, an official team store and a bar and grill overlooking both rinks. The team also set up Chance's Autograph Zone where Vegas' mascot, Chance, watches practice with kids, who are able to get pictures and autographs with players afterward.

"We've really looked to take the practice experience up a notch," said Golden Knights president Kerry Bubolz. "We added a DJ, we hand out battle towels to the fans so they can cheer the guys on when they take the ice for practice, and we try to make it a nice experience where they can get up-close access to the team."

The demand for players' time at practices grew so much during the course of the season that the team in late January had to limit autographs to kids 14-and-under in the autograph zone, and fans were no longer allowed to congregate outside of the players' parking lot outside of the facility.

"We have at least five players, usually more, come over and sign autographs after practice, and too often we'd have adults getting autographs while kids were waiting in line, and that didn't feel right," Bubolz said. "We also had to make sure the players and fans were safe outside as well. The demand for these guys continues to grow, and these guys are so great and they want to do as much as they can."

A DJ at Golden Knights practice? A DJ at Golden Knights practice. Arash Markazi

While Golden Knights games have attracted fans from all over the world this season, practices have been a meeting place for local families from Henderson to Summerlin. Complete strangers who met at practice at the beginning of the season have become good friends who meet up before home games and watch road games together.

"Practices are almost like a family gathering," said Vince De La Cruz, a 47-year-old restaurant manager, who has lived in Las Vegas for 24 years. "You get to know most of the people in the stands after a while, and as the season has gone on, finding a good seat has almost become like Black Friday after Thanksgiving, because if you don't get there early, you're going to miss out."

The Stanley Cup playoffs on ESPN Stanley Cup Playoffs Central »

Schedule » | Experts' picks » Jump to a series:

• TB-BOS | • WSH-PIT

• NSH-WPG | • VGS-SJ Round 1 results:

• TB-NJ | • BOS-TOR

• WSH-CBJ | • PIT-PHI

• NSH-COL | • WPG-MIN

• VGS-LA | • ANA-SJ

De La Cruz attended a recent practice with his wife, Denise, their son Joshua, 18, and daughters Julia, 15, and Grace, 10. They showed up to City National Arena almost one hour before practice and were able to get good seats, but most of the prime seats around the glass had already filled up by then.

"I try to go as often as I can, but this was my wife's first time and she enjoyed it," De La Cruz said. "It gives us a chance to spend time together as a family and it's free. How many things are free for families now? It has really brought the community together."

About 1,000 fans have packed the stands at the arena for practices during the playoffs, and approximately 1,500 fans have lined the streets and sidewalks outside the facility to send the team off to the airport before road games. Prior to leaving for Games 3 and 4 of their second-round series with the San Jose Sharks, the team's mascot, ice crew and drumline pumped up the throng outside and created a pep rally-like atmosphere as players drove by, one by one, from the facility to the airport, waving at the crowd as they drove away. Road-game watch parties during the playoffs have filled area locations ranging from Mandalay Bay Beach to The D Hotel in downtown Las Vegas.

"This is the best place to play right now," said Golden Knights center Jonathan Marchessault. "They support us at games, at practices, when we're driving to the airport, on the road, everywhere. I've never seen anything like this. Everyone says it, but these are really the league's best fans."England tourist Joe Cokanasiga is to join Bath on a season-long loan from relegated London Irish and will be the first of a number of players given the chance to continue playing in the Aviva Premiership while the club battles to regain its top-flight status.

Irish, who finish their campaign at Bath on Saturday, are already resigned to losing Alex Lewington and Tom Woolstencroft to Saracens and Ben Franks to Northampton, while Johnny Williams has agreed to join Newcastle.

Editor's Picks Vunipola returns as Saracens rout relegated Exiles Billy Vunipola handed England a big boost with his first match in three months as Saracens sealed second place in the Aviva Premiership with a 51-14 victory at already-relegated London Irish.

London Irish relegated without playing London Irish's relegation from the Aviva Premiership was confirmed on Saturday, despite the Exiles not playing. 1 Related

In a bid to ensure the squad does not dissipate any further, the club wants to follow the lead of Newcastle who loaned out players when they were relegated. Talks are currently underway with other squad players who could be allowed to leave on deals to mirror the one Cokanasiga will operate under at Bath.

Irish started the process this season with a short-term loan deal which took Scotland flanker Blair Cowan to Saracens and he returned to the exiles to face the Champions Cup holders last weekend.

Brian Facer, the Irish CEO told ESPN that budgets are in place for a two-year strategy. He explained: "When Newcastle were relegated they did a very clever thing in loaning out some of their top players so that when they came back into the Premiership they had a good squad in place.

"We have to do that kind of thing and we are having those discussions with key players who have options in their contracts at the moment."

Facer confirmed that chairman and owner Mick Crossan will continue funding the club while still talking to potential investors as he seeks around £10 million to help with the club's plan to halt the yo-yoing between the top flight and Championship.

"That process is being carried out by Mick and the consortium," Facer added. "There are interested parties and agreements do take a long time to reach but there is good progress. Anyone who comes in will enhance what we are planning."Over the last month, WWE superstars have been through one of the most hectic stretches imaginable. There was the lead-up to WrestleMania, the chaos of a full WrestleMania weekend in New Orleans, the Superstar Shakeup, an international trip to South Africa, a trip back to the United States for Raw and SmackDown, a 17-hour flight to Saudi Arabia for Friday's Greatest Royal Rumble and then Montreal for Raw and SmackDown.

For the bulk of Raw's three hours on Monday night, that kind of run felt like it weighed upon the show. For Seth Rollins, who broke down the kind of month he'd had to a receptive Montreal audience, and Finn Balor, however, exhaustion wasn't an option. They dug down deep and delivered an entertaining promo segment and later, to close out Monday Night Raw, delivered an Intercontinental championship match that made up for most of the storyline lapses, repeat matchups and the start of what's very likely to be another stretch of absences by Universal champion Brock Lesnar.

Editor's Picks Greatest Royal Rumble results: Lesnar retains Universal title, Strowman wins Rumble The highlights of the first-ever Greatest Royal Rumble show in Saudi Arabia included Braun Strowman's victory in a 50-man Royal Rumble match and Brock Lesnar's controversial Universal title win.

WWE Backlash 2018 news and information Everything you need to know about the 2018 edition of WWE Backlash, from match cards, results, news, features, history and more from ESPN.com.

New Undertaker graphic novel set to dig deeper into career of one of WWE's biggest icons Boom! Studios looks to tell a deeper story about the nearly 30-year career of one of the most iconic characters in WWE history: The Undertaker. 2 Related

It was a short-term band-aid heading into Sunday's Backlash pay-per-view, but it offered hope of a light at the end of the tunnel for a period that's suffered creatively in a lot of ways. That show should allow WWE to tie up some loose ends left behind by the Superstar Shakeup and kick off some desperately needed new stories heading into the summer.

Roman Reigns can't catch a break

Roman Reigns undeniably has the hardest job of any WWE superstar at this moment in time.

He walks out week after week to deliver promos that are meant to make him sound like the good guy, fighting for the will of the people, as live audiences boo him no matter what he says. There was a stretch where that began to turn around leading into WrestleMania, when he started to talk about his frustrations and the limitations of working with a part-time Universal champion in Brock Lesnar. But when the seemingly inevitable title change didn't come at WrestleMania 34, he reverted to lukewarm, paint-by-numbers promos that simply didn't ring true.

With another loss to Lesnar at the Greatest Royal Rumble, this time with a controversial ending inside of a steel cage, Monday was seemingly an opportunity to tear into Lesnar, tear into WWE officials and broadcast the depths of his frustrations. Instead, Reigns opened up Raw by claiming a moral victory, promised to beat Lesnar in some future fourth match and then, inexplicably, tried to move past Lesnar and onto Sunday's head-scratcher of a match against Samoa Joe. There was a brief moment when Joe flashed up on the screen, playing the role of the audience to call Reigns out for picking up yet another inexplicable loss, but it was simply another function of start-and-stop storytelling necessitated by Lesnar's here today, gone tomorrow schedule.

WrestleMania 34 was a chance for a clean break from Lesnar, at least in the short term, and Greatest Royal Rumble was an opportunity at a do-over, but WWE has instead decided to continue to run with a top champion that seems like he can barely be bothered to show up for even the biggest shows of the year. There were moments over the last year-plus when Lesnar's elusiveness offered good storytelling opportunities, but that ship has long since sailed -- carrying the bulk of Reigns' credibility with it.

With few other options leading into Backlash, Reigns faced a trio of challenges for a match on Raw. Jinder Mahal got a predictable chorus of boos, but it was the polar opposite for the pair of hometown boys who followed. Sami Zayn soaked in a crowd reaction reminiscent of the one he received when he answered John Cena's United States open challenge in May 2015 in front of the same crowd. Kevin Owens followed and elicited "Oui!" chants.

It broke down into a three-on-one attack, like these situations tend to, with Bobby Lashley and then Braun Strowman coming out for the save to set up a completely organic six-man tag team match. After months of him being unable or unwilling to find a single person in the Raw locker room to pair up with to challenge for the Raw tag team titles, Strowman suddenly came swooping in to be a savior.

Even worse, Strowman played savior for Reigns -- his most bitter rival for the better part of the last two years.

You know, the guy who he pushed off a loading dock while he was strapped to a gurney; the guy who was inside of an ambulance when Strowman flipped it over; the guy who Strowman threw through or off a laundry list of items during a rivalry that did wonders for each of their careers. What's worse still is that Strowman saved Reigns without a hint of trepidation, explanation or confrontation.

It's the classic wrestling trope of "we're good guys, so we're all best friends now" syndrome, and it's downright insulting -- not only to fans who are supposed to have the memories of goldfish, but to the efforts that Strowman and Reigns put into that rivalry that are essentially thrown out the window. A 30-second backstage promo could've at least joked about it, with something along the lines of, "I'm still not finished with you" or alluding to not wanting others to beat Reigns up instead of him.

While WWE is still at a point where they can do little wrong with Strowman based on his reactions, this kind of lazy storytelling is a dangerous game to play -- especially on a night when you're putting him opposite two of your top heels who are getting a Bret Hart-esque reaction from the Montreal audience. The resulting match was solid and allowed all six guys moments to shine, but it couldn't cover up everything that weighed the overall story down.

Finn Balor and Seth Rollins put on a memorable match to close out Monday Night Raw. Courtesy WWE

Rollins and Balor put Raw on their backs

Since late February, when Balor and Rollins got tied in with The Miz and the Intercontinental champion, each stepped up his game and played off the energy of the other as friendly rivals. They each beat The Miz, traded wins on Raw in the lead-up to WrestleMania and then took part in a pair of great multiway matches for the Intercontinental championship.

With Raw desperately needing a meaningful match to close out the show, Rollins and Balor stepped up once again -- delivering their best one-on-one match to date and offering a glimpse into what a long-term rivalry might look like. It was set up by an in-ring segment during which Rollins got a crowd reaction only matched on the night by Zayn's and Owens'. Turning down Bo Dallas and Curtis Axel's pitch to form a supergroup among the four of them -- the Four Horsemen (what a cool name, right?) -- offered subterfuge for Balor to add an edge to the match by attacking Rollins from behind.

The match was one to seek out and watch from beginning to end if you missed it, with an attention to detail perfectly summed up by the ongoing series of evolving counters Balor has come up with to Rollins' superplex/falcon arrow combination.

Hits and misses

- Ronda Rousey continued to ease her way into the Raw women's roster by seconding Natalya in her match against Mickie James. She chased Alexa Bliss around the ring and even shared a brief stare-down with Raw women's champion Nia Jax, but for now things remain slow and steady.

- If we're supposed to not remember everything between Strowman and Reigns, how are we supposed to pick up the story of Bobby Lashley a decade later and fully remember and embrace him? After his surprise return on the Raw after WrestleMania, WWE has done a poor job of reminding us who Lashley is and why we should care. He's flashed his in-ring skills and gotten reactions, but his incredibly generic entrance music and the lack of introduction for everyone who started watching WWE in the last 10 years and hasn't watched any TNA/IMPACT wrestling in that time aren't doing Lashley any favors.

- Bobby Roode was seemingly positioned as Raw's big get in the Superstar Shakeup, and yet he continues to flounder in an always-smiling, generic good guy role. Losing his rematch to Elias due to a throat injury was not done well, especially considering they showed replays where the spot simply didn't happen right.

-- There was a really good match between Ruby Riott and Sasha Banks, with both of them going all-out and hitting a few spots that really woke the audience back up. The story of Banks having no allies and Riott picking up the win thanks to the numbers advantage was fine, or it would've been about two months ago in terms of Banks' story with Bayley. The mind-boggling start-and-stop nature of the build to this rivalry has taken what could've been a strong WrestleMania match and flushed it away thus far. What a mess.

- Titus O'Neil owned his embarrassing moment of tripping and falling at Greatest Royal Rumble and used his clumsy nature to cost Baron Corbin his match against No Way Jose. I see many pratfalls in Titus' future.

- The Authors of Pain beat locals Jean-Paul and Francois, who continued a trend of getting crowd pops for speaking French -- but they lost, just the same. The abrupt breakup with Paul Ellering is still haunting Akam and Rezar, who are trying to find themselves in front of a big live audience. Doing the breakup in NXT to give them some time on the microphone beforehand would've helped, as would slowly easing Ellering out of the picture, which would've given AoP an actual story to build upon.

- We got another "Moment of Bliss" PSA from Alexa Bliss, and though it's simply an opportunity for Bliss to subvert the narrative of her own bullying toward Nia Jax, her facial expressions and tone of voice offer a fair bit of humor. It worked best when she poked fun at herself (while blaming Nia) regarding height restrictions at Disney World and riding the tea cups.

- After a stirring promo from Drew McIntyre last week, he and Dolph Ziggler were relegated to a backstage cellphone video promo right before the main event. It's probably best to strike while the iron is hot -- especially with McIntyre, who is working to re-establish himself on Raw.

- If you have a few minutes, seek out a few of the many ways fans have embraced new Raw tag team champions Matt Hardy and Bray Wyatt appearing at key points in time.Jesse Hart, the son of Eugene "Cyclone" Hart, shares with ESPN boxing analyst Mark Kriegel what it's like living up to his father's expectations in the ring and how the death of his brother has fueled him. (6:58)

It was August 1876, and the venue was a barge anchored in the Delaware River near Pennsville, New Jersey. Most of those aboard were gamblers who had gathered to watch and wager on an illegal bareknuckle bout between "Philadelphia" Jimmy Weeden and Billy Walker, another local pug.

Jessie Magdaleno vs. Isaac Dogboe Where: Liacouras Center at Temple University, Philadelphia

When: Saturday

TV: ESPN2, 7 p.m. ET, ESPN Deportes, Tape delay, 10 p.m. ET

Details of the contest are few, but there's no doubt that Walker died of injuries incurred during the fight. Weeden was arrested and imprisoned in Trenton, where he died a year later, primarily because his battle wounds were never properly treated.

In an O. Henry-esque twist of fate, the double-death barge fight led to the legalization of boxing in the City of Brotherly Love.

Heavyweight Bryan Jennings will fight at home in Philadelphia for the first time in more than five years. Al Bello/Bongarts/Getty Images

In an effort to rein in the outlaw sport and pacify public outrage over the demise of Walker, the Philadelphia City Council, with cooperation from the sheriff's office, establish rules under which boxing was allowed to take place within the city limits.

Although bareknuckle bouts had been popular in Philadelphia since colonial times, the Walker-Weeden tragedy was the catalyst that changed everything.

Although there were rules about the location and duration of the bouts, they were just minor inconveniences. The punch-drunk genie was out of the bottle. Boxing was legit in Philly.

Philadelphia fighters enshrined in the International Boxing Hall of Fame Fighter Division Year of championship "Philadelphia" Jack O'Brien Light heavyweight 1905 Henry Lewis Welterweight 1908-1911 Battling Levinski Light heavyweight 1916-1920 George Godfrey Heavyweight Contender 1920s and 1930s Lew Tendler Lightweight Contender 1920s Tommy Loughran Light heavyweight 1927-1930 Benny Bass Featherweight/Junior lightweight 1927-1929/1929-1931 Midget Wolgast Flyweight 1930-1935 Bob Montgomery Lightweight 1943, 1944-1947 Harold Johnson Light heavyweight 1962-1963 Sonny Liston Heavyweight 1962-1964 Joey Giardello Middleweight 1963-1965 Joe Frazier Heavyweight 1970-1973 Matthew Saad Muhammad Light heavyweight 1979-1981 Jeff Chandler Bantamweight 1980-1984

The sport took root and flourished, especially among immigrant groups from Europe. When the 20th century dawned, Philadelphia was already a leading fight center, and boxing was well on its way to becoming an integral part of the city's culture and identity.

There's not another city in the United States where a boxer's hometown carries a cachet so potent that it implies certain admirable qualities, regardless of his or her ring record.

There's a mystique about the name itself, two words that say so much.

No matter if it's a four-round novice fresh from the Golden Gloves or a world champion, broadcasters always mention that so-and-so is a Philadelphia fighter.

They natter about how tough and determined they are and how the other guy had better look out for the left hook. But that is just shorthand for a more complex story.

How did Philadelphia gain its reputation as a city of badass boxers in the first place? Did the fighters make the city or did the city make the fighters?

Bernard Hopkins, a Philadelphia fighter, defended the middleweight title a record 20 times. Tom Hogan/Hoganphotos/Golden Boy Promotions

The safe guess is the confluence of both, set and setting, coming together to create the unique and lasting milieu that hosts Top Rank on ESPN Saturday's card at the Liacouras Center.

In the boxing world, Philadelphia fighters are a subset unto themselves. Like their city and its current king, Philadelphia Eagles center Jason Kelce, they have attitude, even the ones who usually lose.

"I think it's the lifestyle," said Philadelphia-born publicist Michelle Rosado. "It's the way they come up and are developed that makes the Philly fighters the way they are. It's a blue-collar town, and a lot of the guys work at hard-labor jobs. They know about the grind and the grit. It creates a different mentality."

"Philadelphia has always been a tough city. There are lots of poor neighborhoods," said Hall of Fame promoter J Russell Peltz. "I think our boxers are influenced by Philly's history of always having tough fighters. They know what's expected of them."

All of that and more goes into the making of a Philadelphia fighter, but there is no one-size-fits-all. They don't all come out smokin' like Joe Frazier.

Former light heavyweight Tommy Loughran is considered to be the greatest Philadelphia fighter of all time. AP Photo

Tommy Loughran, who is considered by some to be the greatest Philadelphia fighter of all time, tallied only 14 knockouts in 126 pro fights. Let that soak in for a moment. This guy went rounds, 1,179 all told.

Even though he had a measly 11-percent knockout rate, in his prime, the "Philly Phantom" was almost impossible to hit cleanly and could jab his adversary into a state of utter frustration. Tommy didn't really move that fast but knew when and why he did what he did, and he did it well.

There is no end to the stylistic variation among Philly fighters. The best of them are usually one-offs.

Lightweight champ Bob "Bobcat" Montgomery fought like his nickname; light heavyweight champion Harold Johnson was a textbook stylist with a punch. Then there's Gypsy Joe Harris, a one-eyed improvisational genius, and Bernard Hopkins, whose discipline and boxing IQ took him places where nobody else has gone.

As counterintuitive as it might sound, you don't have to be born in Philly to be a Philadelphia fighter. If you're good enough, it doesn't matter where you're from. Some of the most celebrated members of the club were born elsewhere: Frazier, Montgomery and Wesley Mouzon were all from South Carolina. Bennie Briscoe was born in Augusta, Georgia.

They were part of the Great Migration of approximately 6 million African-Americans from the rural South to the urban Northeast, Midwest and West, which occurred between 1916 and 1970. The boxers among them swelled the ranks, and there was no looking back.

Sylvester Stallone's character in the movie Rocky, Rocky Balboa, was a Philadelphia fighter. Bastiaan Slabbers/NurPhoto via Getty Images

Philadelphia's golden eras are receding further and further into the past. The flame has flickered now and then, but boxing has survived because what would Philly do without it?

The Eagles, Sixers, Phillies and Flyers are the big dogs for sure. But the fighters are the city's heart and soul, closer to the truth than the rest.

There was a reason Sylvester Stallone chose Philly for the geographical center of the Rocky movies. It's a fight town, and everybody knows it. It's a given.

The small-venue scene has been busy in recent years, with regular cards at the 2300 Arena, Sugar House Casino and the Fillmore.

Successful big-budget shows were already just a memory by the time the Spectrum was demolished in 2010.

There were several ill-advised attempts to go upscale again, but they all ended badly. It didn't work when Mike Tyson blew out Buster Mathis Jr. in 1995. It didn't work when Bernard Hopkins was fed inept Frenchman Morrade Hakkar in 2003, and it sure didn't work when Danny Garcia flogged Samuel Vargas in 2016.

Philly fans aren't going to turn out en masse to watch mismatches, never have, never will, not even if it's "Iron Mike" butchering the sacrificial offering. They're too savvy for that.

Former two-division world titlist Danny Garcia owns his own boxing gym in Philadelphia. Corey Perrine/Getty Images

Why overpay to watch a marque name fight a no-hoper when for $50 you can see Tyrone Brunson come off the floor in the fourth round and stop Kermit Cintron in the fifth? That's the sort of stuff that sells in Philly.

Although the nominal main event Saturday is the Jessie Magdaleno-Isaac Dogboe junior featherweight title fight, it's the battle for the vacant Pennsylvania heavyweight title between Bryant Jennings and Joey Dawejko that will likely sell the most tickets.

It's the kind of match that has always been the key to the hearts of Philadelphia fans -- a showdown between two of their own, the original "Philly Special."

It's been that way down through the decades. It didn't matter if it was Benny Bass knocking out Harry Blitman in 1928, or the two savage Montgomery-Mouzon wars in 1946.

It was the same in the 1970s and '80s, when Briscoe and Eugene "Cyclone" Hart did their thing not once but twice, and bantamweight champion Jeff Chandler cut down homey Johnny Carter after a free-swinging start.

When the big fights moved down the road to the Atlantic City casinos, a SRO crowd at the legendary Blue Horizon was still virtually guaranteed when crosstown rivals clashed. Philly vs. Philly got to be such a hot ticket, hustlers were selling counterfeits on the corner the night Troy Fletcher beat Bryan "Boogaloo" Jones for the vacant Pennsylvania bantamweight title in 1985.

Then, around the turn of the millennium it became increasingly difficult to match two Philadelphia fighters, much to the dismay of Peltz, who has spent close to 50 years doing just that.

The legendary Blue Horizon was a big part of Philadelphia boxing for many years. Jonathan Newton/The Washington Post via Getty Images

"The main criticism of me in recent years, and I love it, is that I promote for the fans, not the fighters," said Peltz. "Young fighters ask me, 'Why should I fight for you, Russell? You're going to put me in tough, and if I get beat I won't be able to get on TV.'

"They are influenced by Floyd Mayweather making such a big deal about his "O". Everybody wants to be undefeated, and I understand their point of view. Television executives don't want the best fights. They want fighters with undefeated records."

Peltz has, however, figured out a way to partially combat the epidemic of house fighters vs. low hanging fruit.

"I've narrowed the circle of people I want to work with, people who understand the system. It's like a basketball coach, say, Phil Jackson. He had the triangle offense system and he needed his players to buy into it. My system is that you've got to fight [tough opponents], but if you lose I won't abandon you.

"Making a fight like Jennings-Dawejko makes me feel good. I told Jennings he was going to be involved in a terrific fight. Who wants to see him fight Derric Rossy or some other used-up heavyweight? Jennings-Dawejko is selling this card."

It also helps that Jesse Hart, son of Cyclone, is on the show, fighting Demond Nicholson. Jesse came up short in his super middleweight title shot against Gilberto Ramirez but earned a lot of respect rallying down the stretch after a rough go of it early on.

Immediately after the fight, even though his son had lost, the old left-hooker looked joyful. When Jesse reached the corner, his beaming father kept saying, "You fought him. You really fought him."

That was the important thing as far as Cyclone was concerned. His son did what he used to do back in the day, took it to the dude, on the inside Philly style.

Jesse didn't win, but he fought like a Philadelphia fighter down the stretch.

This is not necessarily to say that Jesse Hart, or the winner of Jennings-Dawejko, for that matter, is the future of Philadelphia boxing. It's just good to know the spirit lingers and the city still celebrates its unique breed of boxer.The speculation and predictions leading up to any WWE roster shakeup are equal parts exciting and nervous. Opportunities for a fresh start abound, and the possibility of first-time matches and the rekindling of old rivalries brings a buzz -- but the fear of lost momentum or getting lost in the shuffle is equally present.

In the era of the WWE's brand split, even one bound to be somewhat superfluous with the return of co-branded pay-per-views throughout the year, there still remains a fear among some fans that Raw will gobble up the lion's share of the top talent in any shift, leaving SmackDown to scramble. Once the 2018 Superstar Shakeup was over, would former and future world champions like Daniel Bryan or Charlotte Flair be on the way out?

Though parts of Raw's roster were ultimately stronger by the end of Monday night, with Kevin Owens and Sami Zayn officially in the fold, Bobby Roode making the move over and Drew McIntyre making a shocking return to Raw, among other moves, the top of the SmackDown pecking order remained intact. The lone move to SmackDown on the first night of the 2018 Superstar Shakeup, The Miz's move to Tuesday nights minus his Miztourage, did far more to bolster SmackDown's immediate future than any single move that Raw made on Monday night.

So what did Raw gain from its haul on Monday? Let's break it down.

Jeff Hardy became a WWE grand slam champion with his victory over Jinder Mahal in the U.S. championship match. Courtesy WWE

- Jinder Mahal brought the United States championship over to Raw, and promptly lost the title to Jeff Hardy in the opening match of the night. Whether that means Hardy will head back to SmackDown in his place, or Seth Rollins will take the Intercontinental championship over to Tuesdays to balance things out, it was not the brightest of moments for Mahal. The backstage tease with No Way Jose gives us a hint of where Mahal will head next.

- The Riott Squad interrupted a good match between Bayley and Sasha Banks just as it was starting to heat up, and drew a fair bit of heat from the Hartford crowd in the process. This helped stretch out the Bayley-Banks tensions as well, which should only mean good things. Whether this means a mirror shift for Absolution, or perhaps their absorption into the Riott Squad, this was a solid move in light of Paige's departure.

Editor's Picks SmackDown Live results: Carmella cashes in to become champion, Styles-Bryan main events SmackDown stepped up to the plate to close out WrestleMania week, as Carmella cashed in Money in the Bank and became SmackDown women's champion thanks to an iconic duo, and Daniel Bryan main evented against AJ Styles until Shinsuke Nakamura got involved.

Breaking down the best options for the WWE's Superstar Shakeup With the WWE's Superstar Shakeup set for Monday and Tuesday, Matt Wilansky and Tim Fiorvanti break down the best picks to go between Raw and SmackDown, and who should stay.

Lesnar re-inks with WWE; UFC future in air WWE announced Monday that Brock Lesnar has re-signed with the company and will defend his Universal championship against Roman Reigns on April 27. It is unclear how the new deal will affect his future with the UFC. 2 Related

- Sami Zayn and Kevin Owens officially joined the Raw ranks one week after bludgeoning each other to exhaustion in search of a contract. While this could've turned into a weekly game of both men trying to do everything in their power to get a job, quickly closing the chapter on what happened on SmackDown with Daniel Bryan and Shane McMahon is probably for the best. Having Stephanie McMahon overrule Kurt Angle is another great way to keep the tensions between them simmering while she and Triple H are off TV.

- Breezango changed precincts and potentially brought the Fashion Files to a more appropriate home on Raw. What's more, they shocked a lot of people by pulling off a major upset over former Raw tag team champions The Bar on night one. Could this be an indication that either Sheamus or Cesaro is SmackDown-bound? In any case, despite Breezango's night one success, the SmackDown tag team division was largely left intact; Breezango was joined in their move by The Ascension, and Chad Gable left Shelton Benjamin behind with a solo move.

- Natalya making the move to Raw was a flash of brilliance. As Ronda Rousey's real-life training partner, they can be friends or foes over the coming weeks and months to help Rousey's proper integration into the Raw women's division.

- Dolph Ziggler didn't get the loudest of reactions upon his entrance Monday night, but within a few minutes his master plan offered the most interesting wrinkle of night one of the Superstar Shakeup. Ziggler shook off an offer Titus Worldwide and re-introduced the world to McIntyre, his new associate, via a blindside attack. McIntyre, most recently the NXT champion and nearly four years removed from his last appearance on Raw, seemed an unexpected compatriot for Ziggler. But between their combined finishing maneuver, and some definite "Shawn Michaels and Diesel"-esque vibes, these two guys made one heck of an impact.

- Despite showing flashes on a number of occasions on SmackDown, including a United States championship reign and a Money in the Bank win, Baron Corbin needed a fresh start and got one with a move to Raw. What they do with him from this point, though, is anyone's guess.

- Bobby Roode's appearance in the main event 10-man tag team match is an indication he should have high hopes attached to his move to Monday nights. Whether the Intercontinental championship stays or his attentions turn right back towards the United States championship, Roode could use something of an edge right off the bat.

- WWE made a handful of announcements throughout the night on social media, both during and after the show. Zack Ryder, The Ascension, Mike Kanellis and, ultimately, Gable, were announced off-air. Gable has proven himself worthy in limited singles action, but the rest of this group has a lot of work to do to prove itself in a suddenly very crowded Raw locker room.

After refusing to tag in and help The Miz, it's clear The Miztourage is heading in a different direction. Courtesy WWE

Hits and misses

- Jeff Hardy's United States championship win made him a Grand Slam champion, by the newer standards for the accomplishment. Hardy has held almost every title the WWE's had to offer in his career: three different tag team titles, the World Heavyweight Championship, the WWE championship, the Intercontinental championship, the European championship, the Hardcore championship, the short-lived light heavyweight championship, the hardcore title, and now the U.S. championship on top of it all. Will he be folded into Matt Hardy and Bray Wyatt's "Expedition of Gold", or will Jeff continue to stand alone? Could Mahal get near-instant revenge with a win at Greatest Royal Rumble?

- Speaking of Matt Hardy and Bray Wyatt, they qualified for a Raw tag team title shot in Saudi Arabia with a win over The Revival Monday night. Gold seems to be in their future. As for Scott Dawson and Dash Wilder, a move to SmackDown seems like it would be highly beneficial.

- Rousey coming out to save Natalya was a nice way to cement their relationship, but it also proved that Sonya Deville would benefit greatly from a move away from Monday nights. Her MMA pedigree has helped her to this point, but putting her opposite a world-class fighter like Rousey, who's being built up as an unstoppable force, is not a good fit.

- For the second straight week Samoa Joe stood on the ramp and cut a promo as Brock Lesnar's proxy, lobbing insults and insinuating Lesnar was an unbeatable monster. Joe has done a remarkable job with an unenviable task, but it's good to hear Lesnar will be back on Raw next week to do his own dirty work ahead of Greatest Royal Rumble.

- The 10-man tag team match to close out Raw was a fun way to welcome Roode and Bobby Lashley into the fold, while sending Miz off into the sunset. Braun Strowman was far and away the most over guy with the crowd all night, and he ultimately picked up the win for his team. On the opposite side of the ring, there was a clean break between Miz and his Miztourage as Bo Dallas and Curtis Axel refused to tag in when Miz needed saving. They need to figure out their next move in a hurry, though.

- Ember Moon impressed in her debut singles match on Raw against Mickie James, capped off by what might be the most impressive-looking Eclipse to date (thanks in large part to a huge sell by James). Her fellow former NXT compatriots the Authors of Pain were equally successful against Heath Slater & Rhyno, though it still feels like something is missing without Paul Ellering by their side.

- The Miz vs. Daniel Bryan is happening. Years of unfulfilled tension finally paid off. SmackDown is must-see TV from here on out.College football's spring season is over, and now the long wait begins.

The first Saturday of the 2018 season is four months away, when Alabama plays Louisville, Auburn plays Washington and Michigan plays at Notre Dame.

Editor's Picks Checking in on first-year head coaches Now that they have made it through their first spring practice season, here's what we know and don't know about programs breaking in new head coaches.

QB controversies could be coming with talented batch of early enrollees With players like Clemson's Trevor Lawrence putting on shows in spring football, this year's early enrollees might have started some QB controversies. 1 Related

Oh, and Lane Kiffin's FAU Owls play at Oklahoma.

Speaking of Michigan, how much fun do you think Jim Harbaugh had in France now that he has a quarterback? The Wolverines received fantastic news last week when the NCAA ruled that Ole Miss transfer Shea Patterson will be eligible to play for them this coming season.

With Patterson available, the Wolverines move into the top 10 in the post-spring Way-Too-Early Top 25 for 2018. Defending national champion Alabama moved back to No. 1, with the coveted top four rounded out by Clemson, Ohio State and Georgia.

Say goodbye to LSU and FSU, and say hello to Texas A&M and Oregon.

Here's the fourth edition of the 2018 Way-Too-Early Top 25:

Previous rank: 2

Sophomore quarterback Tua Tagovailoa, who came off the bench to lead the Crimson Tide to a thrilling 26-23 victory over Georgia in the College Football Playoff National Championship Presented by AT&T, barely broke a sweat during spring practice because of a fractured bone in his left hand.

The competition between Jalen Hurts and Tua Tagovailoa will define the offseason for the defending national champions. Alex Scarborough

But all signs point to Tagovailoa being the guy this coming fall, after junior Jalen Hurts struggled during the spring. Hurts, who has a 26-2 record as Alabama's starter, completed 19 of 37 passes for 195 yards with one interception in the spring game. The Tide's offensive line and receivers didn't help, but Hurts also seemed to struggle with his confidence.

One thing that's certain: Alabama's defensive line is going to be scary good, even without Da'Ron Payne and Da'Shawn Hand. Defensive ends Raekwon Davis, Isaiah Buggs and Quinnen Williams looked fantastic this spring, and Nick Saban said the Tide's defensive front is more athletic and faster than it was a year ago.

Previous rank: 1

Alabama isn't the only CFP contender with a brewing quarterback battle. Senior Kelly Bryant led the Tigers to an ACC title and CFP berth in his first season as a starter in 2017, but he's going to be pushed by early enrollee Trevor Lawrence, the No. 2 recruit overall in the ESPN 300.

Clemson coach Dabo Swinney reaffirmed Kelly Bryant as QB No. 1, but he said freshman Trevor Lawrence is casting uncertainty into the pecking order. David Hale

Lawrence, from Cartersville, Georgia, broke most of former Tigers star Deshaun Watson's high school records, and he might end up doing the same at Clemson. The 6-foot-5, 205-pound freshman completed 11 of 16 passes for 122 yards with one touchdown in the spring game, and Clemson's coaches have raved about his physical skills and ability to grasp the offense.

It wouldn't be a surprise to see both Lawrence and Bryant play in the Sept. 1 opener against FCS foe Furman, which is followed by a big Sept. 8 trip to Texas A&M.

Previous rank: 4

Ohio State coach Urban Meyer hasn't named a starting quarterback, although signs point to sophomore Dwayne Haskins replacing J.T. Barrett under center. Junior Joe Burrow has said he might leave as a graduate transfer if he doesn't win the job.

With a pair of 1,000-yard rushers (Mike Weber in 2016, J.K. Dobbins in 2017) and most of their top receivers back, the Buckeyes focused much of their attention this spring on revamping their offensive line. Sophomore Thayer Munford seems to have a firm grasp on the left tackle spot, and Brady Taylor and Josh Myers are still battling at center.

The Buckeyes suffered a significant hit on defense when middle linebacker Tuf Borland suffered an Achilles injury. He might miss the start of the upcoming season, and former four-star prospect Baron Browning left spring atop the depth chart in Borland's absence.

Previous rank: 3

If Georgia is going to duplicate what it did a year ago, when it won its first SEC championship since 2005, it will have to find playmakers to help quarterback Jake Fromm on offense and replace much of its front seven on defense.

The Bulldogs' most pressing concern on offense is replacing Nick Chubb and Sony Michel, the most prolific running back tandem in FBS history. Sophomore D'Andre Swift missed much of the spring with a groin injury, and Zamir White, the No. 1 tailback in the ESPN 300, is still recovering from surgery for a torn ACL. Georgia also needs young receivers such as Jayson Stanley, Jeremiah Holloman, Tyler Simmons and Trey Blount to become more consistent.

On defense, Georgia has to replace three of its top four linebackers, including Roquan Smith, the 2017 Butkus Award winner and No. 8 pick by the Chicago Bears in last week's NFL draft. D'Andre Walker and Walter Grant are the top candidates to start on the outside, and Monty Rice emerged as a playmaker on the inside during the spring.

Previous rank: 5

The Sooners hoped to have a smooth transition from Baker Mayfield, the reigning Heisman Trophy winner and No. 1 pick by the Cleveland Browns in the NFL draft, to Texas A&M transfer Kyler Murray, who played behind him last season.

Kyler Murray might be Oklahoma's best candidate to replace Baker Mayfield. This spring, he's batting cleanup for the Sooners' baseball team. Jake Trotter

But Murray has pulled double duty playing center field on OU's baseball team this spring, and sophomore Austin Kendall narrowed the gap in the quarterback competition. Murray is also considered a potential first-round pick in June's amateur baseball draft, which might throw another wrench into the race.

After surrendering 30 points or more in six games last season, OU coach Lincoln Riley knows the Sooners will have to be much better defensively. He's banking on defensive linemen such as Amani Bledsoe and Kenneth Mann maturing this season. Early enrollee Brendan Radley-Hiles was a standout this spring and might start in a much-maligned secondary.

Previous rank: 6

With quarterback Jake Browning, tailback Myles Gaskin and a vastly deeper defense coming back, the Huskies might be poised for another run at a CFP spot.

They broke in new playcallers on both sides of the ball this spring; former receivers coach Bush Hamdan is back as offensive coordinator after spending last season with the Atlanta Falcons, and defensive backs coach Jimmy Lake was promoted to defensive coordinator.

The Huskies spent the spring searching for Dante Pettis' replacement at receiver and someone to help slot receiver Chico McClatcher, who missed drills while recovering from a broken ankle that caused him to miss the final nine games of the 2017 season. Star left tackle Trey Adams (knee) and receiver Quinten Pounds (knee) also missed spring practice. A trio of players -- Aaron Fuller, Ty Jones and Andre Baccellia -- emerged as potential pass-catching threats.

Previous rank: 7

Wisconsin's offense brings back record-setting tailback Jonathan Taylor, quarterback Alex Hornibrook and each of its five starting offensive linemen. Whether the Badgers can rebuild their defense might determine whether they challenge Ohio State, Michigan State and Michigan for a Big Ten title.

Wisconsin lost both of its starting defensive ends, two outside linebackers and three of four starters in the secondary. Isaiahh Loudermilk and Garrett Rand emerged as the top defensive ends during the spring, and Andrew Van Ginkel and Zack Baun were the No. 1 outside linebackers. But then Baun reinjured his left foot after missing all of the 2017 season with the same injury.

Returning left tackle Michael Deiter and left guard Jon Dietzen missed the spring with injuries, which delayed Deiter potentially moving inside for his final college season.

Previous rank: 8

Hurricanes quarterback Malik Rosier, who set a Miami record with 31 total touchdowns last season, was the center of attention this spring. He led Miami to 10 wins and a spot in the Capital One Orange Bowl, but threw too many interceptions downs the stretch, when the Hurricanes ended the season with three straight losses.

Rosier held off redshirt freshmen N'Kosi Perry and Cade Weldon and early enrollee Jarren Williams this spring, but Miami coach Mark Richt said the competition will continue during preseason camp. Freshman running back Lorenzo Lingard, the No. 60 player in the ESPN 300, enrolled early and looks like he'll be able to help right away.

Miami's defensive line, one of its strengths last season, must be revamped. Chad Thomas, RJ McIntosh and Kendrick Norton must be replaced, and highly regarded end D.J. Johnson transferred to Oregon. Making matters worse, Craig Kuligowski, one of the top defensive-line coaches in the FBS, took a job at Alabama. The Hurricanes are banking on former Florida player Gerald Willis III, who missed last season because of off-field issues, and Demetrius Jackson, who is coming back from knee surgery.

Previous: 9

When a team's biggest priorities during the spring are identifying a backup quarterback, No. 2 tailback and replacements for only three departed starters, it's a good sign that team is going to be a championship contender.

The Spartans bounced back from a 3-9 disaster in 2016 to finish 10-3 last season, and it might not be too much of a stretch to think they might even end up being the best team in the Big Ten this coming season. After all, they'll get to play Michigan and Ohio State at home in 2018.

There's plenty of reasons for optimism: Quarterback Brian Lewerke was dramatically better in 2017, becoming the first MSU quarterback to pass for more than 2,500 yards and run for more than 500; tailback LJ Scott is coming back after running for more than 2,500 yards in three seasons; and Felton Davis III leads a deep receiver corps after catching 55 passes for 776 yards with nine touchdowns in 2017.

Only two starters leave a defense that ranked in the top 10 nationally in run defense and total defense.

Previous rank: 11

Shea Patterson's NCAA saga is over. The Ole Miss transfer is eligible to play right away for Michigan, a huge boost for Jim Harbaugh in a pivotal season. Dan Murphy

Few teams had a better spring than Michigan, which learned last week that former Ole Miss quarterback Shea Patterson will be eligible to play for the Wolverines this coming season. Patterson, who threw for 2,259 yards with 17 touchdowns in seven games at Ole Miss before suffering a knee injury last season, is probably the most athletically gifted quarterback Jim Harbaugh has had while coaching his alma mater. (Previous Way-Too-Early rankings factored in the fact that Patterson was likely to be ruled eligible.)

Patterson's mobility should help an offensive line that allowed the second-most sacks in the Big Ten last season and must replace Mason Cole, its best pass-blocker. Fifth-year senior Juwann Bushell-Beatty is the leading candidate to replace Cole at left tackle.

Of course, Patterson won't be able to fix all of Michigan's ills on offense. The Wolverines need to become more consistent running the ball, and young receivers like Donovan Peoples-Jones and Nico Collins and tight end Nick Eubanks need to continue to develop.

Previous rank: 13

With quarterback Will Grier coming back, along with one of the deepest receiver corps in the FBS and four returning offensive linemen, the Mountaineers should be poised to score a ton of points this coming season.

The question, as it always seems to be with Dana Holgorsen-coached teams, is whether West Virginia will be able to stop anyone. The Mountaineers suffered a couple of blows on defense during the spring when defensive linemen Lamonte McDougle and Adam Shuler transferred and linebacker Quondarius Qualls suffered a torn ACL. Holgorsen hopes Qualls is back at some point this coming season.

The good news on defense: USC graduate transfer Kenny Bigelow is coming this summer to replace McDougle at nose tackle, and converted safety Derrek Pitts looked like a lockdown cornerback during the spring. Defensive depth is going to continue to be a concern, however, which isn't a great thing in the pass-happy Big 12.

Brandon Wimbush is vying for the Notre Dame starting QB job. Matt Cashore-USA TODAY Sports

Previous rank: 21

With nine starters coming back, the Fighting Irish might have one of the best defenses in the FBS this season, even after former coordinator Mike Elko left for Texas A&M.

Led by linebackers Te'von Coney and Drue Tranquill, defensive tackle Jerry Tillery and cornerback Julian Love, new coordinator Clark Lea inherited a very talented unit from his former boss. Junior Adetokunbo Ogundeji emerged as a potential pass-rushing threat this spring.

The biggest questions for Notre Dame this summer will be deciding on a starting quarterback and finding a replacement for Josh Adams, who ran for 1,430 yards last season. Brandon Wimbush remains ahead of Citrus Bowl hero Ian Book, according to coach Brian Kelly, and the competition will continue into preseason camp. Kelly wants Wimbush to become a more consistent passer and not run as much. Receiver Jafar Armstrong and quarterback Avery Davis moved around positions this spring as the Irish tried to identify running back depth.

Previous rank: 10

The Nittany Lions underwent a major overhaul on offense, after former coordinator Joe Moorhead was hired as Mississippi State's head coach, two assistant coaches departed for other jobs and Saquon Barkley and DaeSean Hamilton left for the NFL.

The good news: Quarterback Trace McSorley and perhaps the best offensive line in coach James Franklin's tenure are coming back. Junior Miles Sanders looks more than ready to replace Barkley, although he'll have to prove his durability after playing sparingly last season. Juwan Johnson and DeAndre Thompkins are back at receiver, and Brandon Polk and KJ Hamler are battling to replace Hamilton as the slot receiver.

Freshman Micah Parsons, the No. 7 recruit in the ESPN 300, made quite an impression this spring and is on path to start at outside linebacker. Fellow freshman Jesse Luketa also is battling for one of two vacant linebacker spots.

Previous rank: 12

He could have entered this year's NFL draft, but Bryce Love can't get enough of the anonymous college life that Stanford provides. Joel Anderson

The Cardinal went through spring drills without Heisman Trophy candidate Bryce Love and their top two quarterbacks, who were both sidelined with injuries. Junior walk-on Jack Richardson took advantage of K.J. Costello and Davis Mills being hurt. He completed 21 of 30 passes for 178 yards with two touchdowns in the spring game, and was then rewarded with a scholarship from coach David Shaw.

Love skipped contact drills and the spring game as a precaution; an ankle injury bothered him most of last season. Senior Cameron Scarlett ran for 111 yards in his absence, and sophomore Connor Wedington lined up at running back, wide receiver and punt returner. He looks to be Stanford's next big-play threat.

Sophomores Paulson Adebo and Noah Williams were bright spots in the secondary, where the Cardinal must replace Justin Reid and Quenton Meeks, who left early for the NFL draft.

Previous rank: 15

The Hokies spent the spring addressing uncertainty at linebacker and in the secondary, where they have to replace both starting cornerbacks and safety Terrell Edmunds, who was an NFL first-round pick by the Pittsburgh Steelers. Linebacker Tremaine Edmunds was the No. 16 pick overall by the Buffalo Bills, making them the first brothers to be chosen in the first round of the same draft.

Unfortunately, not much was resolved in Tech's secondary this spring. The Hokies' most experienced cornerback, senior Adonis Alexander, missed the spring game to focus on academics, and Caleb Farley continued to recover from a knee injury. Junior Jovonn Quillen and early enrollee Jermaine Waller worked at cornerback in their absence.

Making matters worse, co-defensive coordinator and safeties coach Galen Scott abruptly resigned Friday for personal reasons. The Washington Post reported he stepped down after admitting to using recruiting trips to pursue an extramarital affair. Former Hokies player Justin Hamilton was promoted to interim assistant coach.

Previous rank: 20

With one of the SEC's most experienced rosters returning, there won't be much of a honeymoon for Joe Moorhead, the former Penn State offensive coordinator.

Moorhead eased Nick Fitzgerald back into practice this spring as the quarterback continues to recover from a dislocated right ankle suffered in last season's Egg Bowl. Fitzgerald didn't participate in contact drills or the spring game. He's expected to be ready for the start of the regular season.

With four offensive linemen and tailback Aeris Williams returning, about the only thing MSU's offense is missing are receivers who can stretch the field. Redshirt freshman Austin Williams had a good spring, and early enrollees Devonta Jason and Stephen Guidry and incoming freshman Malik Heath will have to develop quickly.

Previous rank: 17

The battle to replace Sam Darnold commenced this spring without perhaps the most important participant. Incoming freshman J.T. Daniels was wrapping up his junior year (yes, you read that correctly) at Mater Dei High in Santa Ana, California, while sophomore Matt Fink and redshirt freshman Jack Sears battled for the job during spring practice.

Daniels, who reclassified to the Class of 2018 and will graduate from high school a year ahead of schedule, might be the front-runner to replace Darnold when he joins the competition this summer. He led Mater Dei High to a 15-0 record last year and passed for 12,014 yards with 152 touchdowns and 14 interceptions in three seasons.

Daniels was a regular visitor to USC's spring practices and spent time watching film and studying the playbook with the Trojans' coaches this spring.

Previous rank: 22

The Knights are still basking in the glory of 2017's undefeated season. They unveiled a national championship banner and championship rings at their spring game, which was UCF fans' first chance to see new coach Josh Heupel in action.

As hard as it might be to imagine, UCF's players insist they'll be even faster on offense than they were under former coach Scott Frost, who left for Nebraska. Quarterback McKenzie Milton returns after throwing for 4,037 yards with 37 touchdowns, and UCF's top five rushers and four of the top six pass-catchers are back.

Replacing Shaquem Griffin, Chequan Burkett and Mike Hughes on defense doesn't figure to be as easy.

UCF's schedule includes nonconference games against Florida Atlantic, Pittsburgh and North Carolina, and it will be an overwhelming favorite to repeat as American Athletic Conference champion.

Previous rank: 14

Put those Auburn championship hopes on hold for the time being. Maybe they'll be ready for pickup by the start of preseason camp, but not now. Not after the way the spring has played out for the Tigers thus far. Alex Scarborough

The Tigers were beset by injuries this spring, hampering their ability to find replacements for four starters on the offensive line. Quarterback Jarrett Stidham was limited because of minor surgery on his left (non-throwing) shoulder, but should be ready for the start of the regular season.

The bad news: Receivers Eli Stove and Will Hastings each tore an ACL this spring and probably won't be ready for the start of the season. Hastings had 26 receptions for 525 yards with four touchdowns in 2017 and was one of the Tigers' best deep threats. Stove caught 29 passes for 265 yards and was very effective running on jet sweeps. Tigers coach Gus Malzahn said he hopes to have both of them back at some point this season.

Junior Kam Martin, redshirt freshmen JaTarvious Whitlow and early enrollee Asa Martin emerged as the top three running backs this spring.

Previous rank: 16

The Horned Frogs lost 15 starters and 21 seniors from a team that won 11 games and played for the Big 12 title last season. TCU is going to have a lot of new faces on both sides of the ball, but Gary Patterson believes his team will be back in the thick of the Big 12 race.

Shawn Robinson did enough this spring to solidify himself as the starting quarterback, and Jaelan Austin, Jalen Reagor and Taye Barber emerged as playmakers at receiver. Patterson raved about Barber, a freshman from Cypress Springs, Texas, because of his speed and versatility. Two juco transfers -- tight end Pro Wells and offensive tackle Anthony McKinney -- also made big impressions this spring.

The Horned Frogs will play a difficult nonconference game against Ohio State in Arlington, Texas, and they'll host Oklahoma, Kansas State and Oklahoma State during Big 12 play.

Previous rank: 19

With a fourth-year starter returning at quarterback, along with an experienced offensive line and defense, the Broncos look like a leading candidate to grab the Group of 5's spot in a New Year's Six bowl.

Senior Brett Rypien was sharp this spring, completing 15 of 19 passes for 267 yards with three touchdowns in two quarters of the spring game. He'll miss Cedrick Wilson, who set a Boise State record with 1,511 receiving yards last season, but Octavius Evans emerged as a potential deep threat this spring with 124 yards and two touchdowns in the spring game.

The Broncos will also miss Leighton Vander Esch, a first-round pick of the Dallas Cowboys in last week's NFL draft. Sophomore Riley Whimpey is the top candidate to start on the weak side, ahead of senior Blake Whitlock and sophomore Bruno DeRose.

Previous rank: 24

Sure, the Longhorns lost a plethora of key contributors from last season's team, which lost six games in Tom Herman's first year in Austin. But given Herman's track record at Houston, the Longhorns should be on a path for a second-year bounce like Georgia and Miami had in 2017.

For the second year in a row, the Longhorns left spring practice without an established No. 1 quarterback. Sophomore Sam Ehlinger might have a slight edge over junior Shane Buechele, who battled shoulder and knee injuries last season. Ehlinger completed 13 of 22 passes for 151 yards in the spring game; Buechele completed 12 of 21 passes for 130 yards. Herman said the competition will continue into the summer and preseason camp.

A positive development was the emergence of receivers Lil'Jordan Humphrey and Devin Duvernay. Humphrey's versatility and big-play potential is something the Longhorns sorely lacked last season.

Previous rank: NR

Texas A&M fans got to see the early results of a $75 million investment in former Florida State coach Jimbo Fisher, who received a 10-year contract (fully guaranteed!) to lure him away from the Seminoles.

The early results were promising as far as spring games go. Quarterback Nick Starkel, who threw for 499 yards against Wake Forest in the Belk Bowl, is battling sophomore Kellen Mond for the starting job. Starkel threw for 373 yards with two touchdowns in the spring game; Mond passed for 180 with two scores.

Whoever starts at quarterback will have myriad pass-catchers around him. Sophomores Kendrick Rogers, Jhamon Ausbon and Roshauud Paul looked great in the spring, and juco transfer Jace Sternberger looked like a potential star at tight end.

Projected starting left tackle Koda Martin transferred to Syracuse, where his father Kirk Martin, is the quarterbacks coach, and his father-in-law, Dino Babers, is head coach.

Previous rank: NR

The Ducks had an unexpected coaching change after Willie Taggart bolted for Florida State after only one season, but much of their coaching staff remained intact, giving them a chance to improve dramatically in 2018.

Oregon returns Justin Herbert, who might be the Pac-12's best passer now that Sam Darnold and UCLA's Josh Rosen are playing in the NFL. The Ducks will have to replace leading rusher Royce Freeman and receiver Charles Nelson, but four starters are coming back on the offensive line. Wake Forest graduate transfer Tabari Hines, who caught 53 passes for 683 yards and seven touchdowns, will be a nice addition for Herbert.

Keeping defensive coordinator Jim Leavitt at Oregon was a major coup for new coach Mario Cristobal. The Ducks will have to replace two starters in the secondary, which desperately needs more consistent play. Early enrollees Verone McKinley III and Steve Stephens and juco transfer Haki Woods were part of the mix this spring.

Oregon's nonconference schedule (home games against Bowling Green, FCS foe Portland State and San Jose State) isn't very daunting, and it will host Stanford and Washington in Pac-12 play.

Previous rank: 25

After winning nine games in coach Will Muschamp's second season, the Gamecocks went through a makeover on offense. Quarterback Jake Bentley is back after starting 20 games the past two seasons, and new offensive coordinator Bryan McClendon and quarterbacks coach Dan Werner want to speed up the tempo.

Bentley will welcome back star receiver Deebo Samuel, who scored six touchdowns in the first three games before suffering a broken leg. The Gamecocks need to run the ball more consistently; Ty'Son Williams, A.J. Turner and Deshaun Fenwick were battling for the tailback job during the spring.

The Gamecocks will have to replace two starters on the defensive line, linebacker Skai Moore and three starters in the secondary. Linebacker Bryson Allen-Williams returns after missing most of 2017 with a shoulder injury.

Dropped out: LSU, Florida StateFrom HS Prannoy's wins against Lee Chong Wei and Chen Long to Mary Kom and Sushil Kumar's gold medal-winning efforts, our comeback of the year nominations are not short on big names.

Sushil Kumar

PTI

What they did in 2017

Sushil Kumar's bid to win a third Olympic medal ended in controversial acrimony after he failed to make the team for the 2016 Olympics. After a period spent away from the mat, the two-time Olympic medallist would look to reclaim his legacy. He returned to compete at the National Championships after a gap of nine years and won gold. While that medal was tarnished by the fact that three opponents conceded a walkover, Sushil would legitimately claim the 2017 Commonwealth Championships later in the year.

In their own words

"Whenever I am fit, I try to compete. I tried to make a comeback for the 2016 Olympics, but that did not happen. I keep short targets, so I am not thinking too far ahead."

- Sushil after winning the National Championships.

Shiv Kapur

Francois Nel/Getty Images

What they did in 2017

Shiv Kapur had a near perfect start to his professional golf career, winning a title in his rookie year on the Asian Tour. Success would dry up entirely for the next 11 years. It was part of a dismal stretch of failure and injuries, which even saw him considering his future in the sport. All that changed in April, when he won the Yeangder Heritage in Taiwan. His win was quickly followed by another at the Panasonic Open on his home course in New Delhi as Kapur quickly found his long lost form.

In their own words

"In the last two years I tried to make changes that I didn't need too. I just needed a bit of patience. I just have to try to make sure I am not reinventing the wheel. I've gone through a stage where I was second-guessing myself. It's good to put those doubts to rest."

- Kapur, on rediscovering his mojo at the Yeangder Heritage tournament.

MC Mary Kom

AFP PHOTO / INDRANIL MUKHERJEE

What they did in 2017

Mary Kom has made comebacks before. Her latest one, after the disappointment of failing to qualify for the Rio Olympics, was perhaps her most challenging. She was, at 34, very old for a boxer. There were distractions too, Mary balanced motherhood, her role as a Rajya Sabha MP and governmental observer. She also had commitments to her own boxing academy and as a member of the athletes commission. None of this stopped her from going on to win her fifth Asian Championship gold medal, proving it's too early to count her out just yet.

In their own words

"I hope people realise how tough it is. I have been juggling so many roles. I am a mother, I have three sons to take care of. I don't even know how I manage to pull it off sometimes."

- Mary Kom on her balancing act.

Vinesh Phogat

SANJAY KANOJIA/AFP/Getty Images

What they did in 2017

Eight months after her horrific injury at the Rio Olympics, Vinesh Phogat returned to win a silver medal at the Asian Wrestling Championships. The 2014 Commonwealth Games gold medalist lost to Japan's Sae Nanjo 4-8 in the 55 kg final. Vinesh, representing Railways, also finished with a gold medal in the Nationals after a win over Haryana's Manisha.

In their own words

"For a couple of months, I felt that I had lost everything. That even if I returned to wrestling, I wouldn't be at my best and that I would forget all my movements."

- Vinesh on the injury layoff post Rio Olympics.

Viswanathan Anand

Viswanathan Anand (centre) beat Vladimir Fedoseev (right) in a two-game tie-break to win gold at the 2017 World Rapid & Blitz Championship in Riyadh. Ian Nepomniachtchi (left) finished third. Salah Malkawi/ Getty Images

What they did in 2017

Until the closing days of last year, Viswanathan Anand hadn't had particularly splendid results. He had even knocked himself out of contention for the Candidates line-up and a possible World Championship berth. But a last minute sign-up for the World Rapid and Blitz Championships in Riyadh, a tournament and a format he wasn't backing himself to win, changed all of that. A quick win over reigning world champion Magnus Carlsen got his hopes soaring and the five-time world champion soon moved into a three-way tie. Beating Vladimir Fedoseev in a two-game tie break and celebrating with a rare fist-pump, Anand, after five years, once again was a world champion at the age of 48 .

What they said

"It's an absolutely unbelievable feeling and just so unexpected after all the disappointments in rapid chess. Becoming world champion again is the most amazing feeling".

- Anand after winning the world rapid title.

HS Prannoy

Power Sport Images/Getty Images

What they did in 2017

Prannoy became the first Indian to register wins over the famed triumvirate of Lin Dan, Chen Long and Lee Chong Wei when he defeated Lee and Chen in consecutive rounds at the Indonesia Open. What made the feat even more special was that Prannoy had been out of action for three months before the tournament after a spate of injuries. By the end of the year, he broke into the top 10 in the world rankings and also defeated Kidambi Srikanth in the final of the national championships.

In their own words

"With all these injuries and layoffs and disappointments in the last so many years, I am pretty happy to get to this position but there is a long way to go."

- Prannoy on his achievements in 2017.Dan Graziano explains that Eric Reid never intended for his anthem protest to be "rigid" and will not kneel moving forward. (0:40)

These are the notable free-agent signings, trades and cuts of the offseason. Most recent deals are at the top.

Quick links: Barnwell's grades | Signings by team | Top 100 free agents

Latest news

Sunday, March 25

Stanton becomes the second quarterback added by the Browns this offseason, joining Tyrod Taylor, who was acquired in a trade with the Buffalo Bills and is expected to start this season.

Saturday, March 24

The Patriots are poised to lose both of their starting offensive tackles from Super Bowl LII, as starting left tackle Nate Solder signed with the New York Giants.

Friday, March 23

Hurns, 26, was released by the Jaguars on Tuesday in a move that saved the team $7 million against the salary cap.

Terms for either player were not announced, but Reign Sports Management told ESPN that Cockrell's deal was for $6.8 million. The team also signed guard Jeremiah Sirles to a one-year deal.

Berger spent the past seven seasons in Minnesota. He played 13 seasons in the league.

Thursday, March 22

Pryor's arrival gives the Jets four proven veterans at receiver, led by returning starters Robby Anderson and Jermaine Kearse. They also have Quincy Enunwa, who is coming back from a neck injury that caused him to miss the season.

Analysis: Breaking down the Pryor deal, plus every Jets signing

The Packers are bringing in Williams -- who last played for the Packers in 2014 -- a source confirmed to ESPN, although it's unclear whether a deal has been finalized. Williams previously played eight seasons in Green Bay.

Wallace, 31, was the Ravens' most reliable wide receiver last season despite a decline in his numbers. He will replace former Eagles receiver Torrey Smith, who was traded earlier in March.

Waddle, who enters his sixth NFL season and has played in 45 career regular-season with 28 starts, will compete for the Patriots' left tackle spot after Nate Solder signed a four-year, $62 million free-agent deal with the Giants.

The Giants signed Harris to a five-year, $17.5 million deal in 2015. They restructured his deal last season, a pay cut that could be recouped through incentives that he never ultimately hit.

Gore, who will be entering his 14th season, starred at the University of Miami before beginning his NFL career with the San Francisco 49ers in 2005.

Williams was mostly a backup with the Dolphins. He rushed for 477 yards in four seasons, including a career-high 181 last year. He was utilized frequently as a pass receiver in Miami, where he caught 85 passes, including 20 in 2017.

Thompson, 29, led the Buffalo Bills with 318 receiving yards over the final two months of the 2017 season. He started seven of Buffalo's final eight games.

Analysis: Breaking down the Thompson deal, plus every Cowboys signing

New York is trading Pierre-Paul and a 2018 fourth-round pick to Tampa Bay for a 2018 third-round pick and a fourth-round pick, a source told ESPN's Adam Schefter on Thursday.

Wednesday, March 21

Detroit filled one of its biggest needs by signing Williams to a one-year deal that was announced Wednesday.

Analysis: Breaking down the Williams deal, plus every Lions signing

This is the Colts' second move in the past two days to bolster their offensive line. On Tuesday, the team signed guard-center Matt Slauson to a one-year contract.

It's a homecoming for Wilson, who grew up in nearby LaSalle, Ontario. He has 89 career catches for 1,129 yards and 11 touchdowns in five seasons with the Seahawks.

Tuesday, March 20

It isn't clear where the 27-year-old Fluker will fit along Seattle's offensive line. He played right guard for the past three seasons after beginning his career at tackle.

Patriots special-teams captain Matthew Slater has reached agreement on a two-year deal to return to the club, according to a league source.

General manager John Lynch said in a statement that Cooper will compete for a starting job.

Analysis: Breaking down the Cooper deal, plus every 49ers signing

The veteran kicker became a free agent last week after booting a career-high 32 field goals in 2017, which included six from 50 yards or farther.

Former Washington receiver Ryan Grant, whose deal with Baltimore was voided last week after he failed a physical, is signing a one-year deal with Indianapolis, a source told ESPN's Adam Schefter.

Analysis: Breaking down the Grant deal, plus every Colts signing

The Cowboys sent their fifth-round pick (No. 173 overall) to the Raiders, while Oakland shipped its sixth-round selection (No. 192) to Dallas.

The 26-year-old Hurns, who joined the Jaguars as an undrafted free agent in 2014, has caught 189 passes for 2,669 yards and 21 touchdowns in his four NFL seasons.

Pittsburgh's release of Mike Mitchell created a need for a steady starter who will handle communication for the defensive backfield.

Analysis: Breaking down the Burnett deal, plus every Steelers signing

Monday, March 19

The deal is for two years with a maximum value of $15 million, a source told ESPN's Adam Schefter.

Analysis: Breaking down the Ebron deal, plus every Colts signing

Released by the Dolphins last week because he refused to take a pay cut, the 28-year-old Pouncey reached a deal with Los Angeles that includes $10 million fully guaranteed, a source told ESPN NFL Insider Adam Schefter.

Analysis: Breaking down the Pouncey deal, plus every Chargers signing

With Washington, Scandrick will compete to start outside opposite Josh Norman. The Redskins had been in talks with Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie, but his price tag was too high for them.

Sunday, March 18

According to sources, Ladouceur will sign a one-year deal to remain with the Cowboys on Monday, and he will join some rarefied air entering his 14th season with the organization.

The teams are expected to swap late-round draft picks, a league source confirmed to ESPN's Field Yates.

Reiss: Patterson could replace Dion Lewis as Patriots' top kickoff returner

Saturday, March 17

It is a three-year deal for up to $27 million with a $11.5 million injury guarantee, a source told ESPN.

He had 44 tackles and two sacks while starting all 15 games that he appeared in during his lone season with the Colts.

The Titans hoped Williams, 29, would adequately fill their void at nose tackle, but he didn't make as many splash plays or command the double-teams that the team expected.

At the end of last season, Scandrick thought his time with the Cowboys was coming to an end with the team using rookies Chidobe Awuzie and Jourdan Lewis at outside cornerback and safety Xavier Woods in the slot as he dealt with a back injury.

The Colts will receive the No. 6 overall pick, the No. 37 pick, the No. 49 pick and the Jets' second-round pick in 2019.

According to the team's website, it's a two-year deal for Barkley, who will serve as the backup to starter Andy Dalton.

Analysis: Breaking down the Barkley deal, plus every Bengals signing

Chung, who turns 31 in August, was referred to by Bill Belichick this past season as one of the best players in the NFL and is valued for his toughness and versatility. He was scheduled to earn $2 million this season and have a salary-cap charge of $3.8 million.

Reiss: Extension in works for Chung gives Pats head start on '19 plans

Woodhead, who gained nearly 5,000 total yards over nine NFL seasons after entering the league as an undrafted free agent, announced his retirement in a social media post late Friday night.

Brown, 28, returned from a torn ACL injury in 2016 to catch 31 passes for 477 yards and 4 touchdowns for the Cardinals in 2017 -- all career highs.

Analysis: Breaking down the Brown deal, plus every Seahawks signing

Friday, March 16

The New York Giants' top lineman when on the field the past few seasons, Justin Pugh agrees to a five-year deal with the Cardinals.

Analysis: Breaking down the Pugh deal, plus every Cardinals signing

The Cardinals released Mathieu on March 14 after he declined to take a pay cut. Mathieu was cut just hours before $5.75 million of his 2018 salary and $8 million of his 2019 salary were to be guaranteed.

Analysis: Breaking down the Mathieu deal, plus every Texans signing

Detroit has signed the veteran running back to a one-year deal, a source confirmed to ESPN on Friday night, giving the Lions the veteran running back they've been searching for all week.

Analysis: Breaking down the Blount deal, plus every Lions signing

It's worth $42 million with $22 million guaranteed, making him the highest-paid center in the league, a source told ESPN's Dan Graziano.

Analysis: Breaking down the Jensen deal, plus every Bucs signing

The Patriots had been relatively quiet since the start of free agency Wednesday, but that changed Friday as the team made three moves.

Analysis: Breaking down Friday's three deals, plus every Patriots signing

It's a move that completed a Super Bowl reunion and helped fill a sudden void for a possession receiver.

Analysis: Breaking down the Crabtree deal, plus every Ravens signing

Melvin fills a big need for the Raiders, who released cornerbacks Sean Smith and David Amerson this offseason and lost cornerback TJ Carrie to the Browns in free agency.

Analysis: Breaking down the Melvin deal, plus every Raiders signing

Chargers coach Anthony Lynn had said a point of emphasis this offseason would be finding a consistent kicker who can stick around long term.

Analysis: Breaking down the Sturgis deal, plus every Chargers signing

Fuller received the transition tag from the Bears, who have five days to match the offer.

The former Seahawks and Jets defensive tackle has signed a one-year contract with Minnesota, the team announced Friday.

Analysis: Breaking down the Richardson deal, plus every Vikings signing

Curry, 29, was set to make a base salary of $9 million in 2018. The Eagles attempted to restructure his contract in an attempt to keep him but were unable to come to an agreement. Trade options were also explored before his release.

Breeland told ESPN.com he cut the heel of his left foot on March 4 while in the Dominican Republic, where a golf cart hit him in the back of his leg and reopened a wound first suffered in the fourth grade.

Brown finished this past season with 144 tackles, tied with Packers linebacker Blake Martinez and Browns linebacker Joe Schobert for the most in the NFL.

Analysis: Breaking down the Brown deal, plus every Bengals signing

A source confirmed the deal is worth up to $10 million. Okafor, 27, was having a great debut season with the Saints in 2017 before suffering a season-ending Achilles tear in Week 11.

Analysis: Breaking down the Okafor deal, plus every Saints signing

Dickson fills a need for the Seahawks, who lost tight end Jimmy Graham in free agency to the Green Bay Packers.

Analysis: Breaking down the Dickson deal, plus every Seahawks signing

Thursday, March 15

Austin's contract now is basically a one-year, $5 million deal worth up to an additional $3 million in incentives, allowing him to be a free agent at season's end.

Claiborne, 28, will play on a one-year contract for a second straight season. This time, he'll receive $7 million, a source said. That's a $2 million raise from last season.

Analysis: Breaking down the Claiborne deal, plus every Jets signing

Grant, who reached agreement with Baltimore on a $29 million deal, failed his physical, and his Ravens deal is null and void, sources told ESPN's Adam Schefter.

Oakland has given its offense a new look, adding Nelson and Martin while releasing Crabtree, sources told ESPN's Adam Schefter.

Analysis: Breaking down the Nelson and Martin deals, plus every Raiders signing

Brown, who finished with a team-leading 127 tackles last season, will receive a three-year contract worth $24 million, NFL Network reported.

Analysis: Breaking down the Brown deal, plus every Redskins signing

Seferian-Jenkins, 25, resurrected his career with the Jets after being cut by the Buccaneers following a September 2016 arrest for drunk driving.

Analysis: Breaking down the Seferian-Jenkins deal, plus every Jaguars signing

McCourty will join his twin brother, Devin, in New England. Cleveland also sent its seventh-round pick to New England, and the Browns will receive the Patriot's sixth-round pick.

Reiss: Why Patriots traded for McCourty

Poe has agreed to a three-year contract with Carolina, sources confirmed to ESPN. He replaces Star Lotulelei, who signed with the Bills.

Analysis: Breaking down the Poe deal, plus every Panthers signing

Eifert reached agreement on a one-year deal to re-sign with Cincinnati, a league source told ESPN's Adam Schefter. That takes the top available tight end off the board.

Analysis: Breaking down the Eifert deal, plus every Bengals signing

Pouncey will join Ndamukong Suh, Jarvis Landry, Lawrence Timmons and Julius Thomas as Miami veterans released or traded this offseason.

The move comes on the same day as news that guard Jermon Bushrod is leaving the team to join New Orleans and center Mike Pouncey has requested to be released.

Analysis: Breaking down the Sitton deal, plus every Dolphins signing

Bushrod, 33, can be a versatile backup at both tackle and guard for a Saints team that just lost versatile backup Senio Kelemete to Houston.

Analysis: Breaking down the Bushrod deal, plus every Saints signing

Last August, the Texans signed Fiedorowicz to a three-year, $22 million contract that included $10 million guaranteed. According to the Houston Chronicle, the Texans reworked Fiedorowicz's contract when he retired.

Joseph had 45 tackles and two interceptions in 2017, including a pick-six against the Cleveland Browns in Week 6.

Analysis: Breaking down the Joseph deal, plus every Texans signing

Wednesday, March 14

Glennon, released earlier Wednesday by Chicago, has agreed to a two-year, $8 million contract with Arizona, according to multiple reports.

Analysis: Breaking down the Glennon deal, plus all Cardinals signings

McCarron joins 2017 fifth-round pick Nathan Peterman on the Bills' depth chart after Buffalo's trade of Tyrod Taylor was made official Wednesday.

Rodak: McCarron should not be compared to Tyrod Taylor in 2018

Analysis: Breaking down the McCarron deal, plus every Bills signing

Kelemete has been one of the most valuable "sixth men" over the past three years with the Saints.

Analysis: Breaking down the Kelemete deal, plus all Texans signings

In addition to Siemian, the Broncos will also send a 2018 late-round pick to the Vikings for a pick in the 2019 draft, a source told ESPN's Adam Schefter.

Savage replaces Chase Daniel, who agreed to a contract with the Bears to back up Mitchell Trubisky.

Analysis: Breaking down the Savage deal, plus every Saints signing

It's a one-year deal worth $3.5 million that could go to $6.5 million with playtime incentives, a source told ESPN's Adam Schefter. Seattle released Shead on March 12.

Buffalo released Boldin from the retired list Wednesday, which would make him free to sign with another team should he decide to resume his playing career.

Thomas, 29, played one season for the Dolphins, who acquired him in a trade with the Jaguars last offseason.

Burkhead had signed a one-year contract with the Patriots on March 14, 2017. The one-year deal had a maximum value of $3.15 million.

Analysis: Breaking down the Burkhead deal, plus every Patriots signing

Davis, who was claimed off waivers from the Saints in 2014, was re-signed by the Broncos on a three-year deal that could be worth $15 million, a source confirmed to ESPN's Jeff Legwold.

Analysis: Breaking down the Davis deal, plus every Broncos signing

Ebron was due $8.25 million -- not guaranteed -- against the cap in 2018.

Thomas played every down of every game from the time he was drafted until he suffered a season-ending injury last October. The injury snapped a streak of 10,363 consecutive snaps, which is believed to be the longest in NFL history.

Signing Murphy offers Buffalo an upgrade over reserve defensive ends Ryan Davis and Eddie Yarbrough.

Analysis: Breaking down the Murphy deal and every Bills signing

Robinson is going to New Orleans on a four-year deal, sources told ESPN. The Eagles made a push to retain him but couldn't close the deal.

Analysis: Breaking down the Robinson deal, plus every Saints signing

Daniel will serve as former second overall pick Mitchell Trubisky's primary backup. Daniel was coached by new Bears head coach Matt Nagy for three years in Kansas City.

Analysis: Breaking down the Daniel deal, plus every Bears signing

Mathieu was cut just hours before $5.75 million of his 2018 salary and $8 million of his 2019 salary were to be guaranteed on Wednesday afternoon.

Weinfuss: Mathieu's breakup with Cardinals came down to money -- a lot of it

The cap-needy Ravens gained $5 million in space by cutting Maclin after he recorded career lows with 40 catches for 440 yards, a source told ESPN's Adam Schefter.

Peppers, 38, signed a one-year deal in 2017 to return to the Panthers, who drafted him, for what many thought would be his final NFL season. He maxed out the incentives in that deal with 11 sacks, his most since the 2012 season with Chicago, to earn $4.25 million.

Analysis: Breaking down the Peppers deal, plus every Panthers signing

Houston intends to sign Fulton, a source told ESPN, confirming a report by NFL Network, in a deal that will average $7.5 million per year.

Analysis: Breaking down the Fulton deal, plus every Texans signing

The Jaguars have added to their defensive firepower, reaching an agreement with Hayden, according to sources.

Analysis: Breaking down the Hayden deal, plus every Jags signing

Tampa Bay is expected to sign the former Eagles defensive tackle after the new league year begins, as first reported by the Tampa Bay Times and confirmed by ESPN.

Analysis: Breaking down the Allen deal, plus every Bucs signing

The 6-foot-8, 325-pound Solder has spent his entire career with the New England Patriots, who drafted him in the 2011 first round out of Colorado.

Analysis: Breaking down the Solder deal, plus every Giants signing

Philadelphia has re-signed Bradham to a five-year, $40 million deal, a source tells ESPN's Adam Schefter.

Analysis: Breaking down the Bradham deal, plus every Eagles signing

San Francisco will sign the former Vikings running back to a four-year, $30 million deal, a source told ESPN's Adam Schefter.

Analysis: Breaking down the McKinnon deal, plus every 49ers signing

Hyde will receive a three-year deal worth more than $15 million, including $6 million in the first year, according to the NFL Network.

Analysis: Breaking down the Hyde deal, plus every Browns signing

Tuesday, March 13

Kline will get a four-year, $26 million deal with $12M guaranteed, a source told ESPN.

Analysis: Breaking down the Kline deal, plus every Titans signing

Williamson, 26, was a tackling machine for a Titans defense that was fourth in run defense last season, finishing second on the team with 92.

Analysis: Breaking down the Williamson deal, plus every Jets signing

Former Patriots playmaker Lewis is expected to sign a four-year deal with Tennessee.

Analysis: Breaking down the Lewis deal, plus every Titans signing

Bridgewater will get approximately half the $10 million amount that the Jets agreed upon Tuesday to pay Josh McCown on another one-year deal, a source said.

Analysis: Breaking down the Bridgewater deal, plus every Jets signing

Amukamara, who was paid $7 million guaranteed by Chicago on a one-year deal in 2017, worked out for the Bears, playing adequately enough to start 12 games.

Analysis: Breaking down the Amukamara deal, plus every Bears signing

The Jets released Wilkerson on March 5, ending a seven-year run that turned bitter last season.

Analysis: Breaking down the Wilkerson deal, plus every Packers signing

The contract terms weren't immediately available. Johnson intends to sign his deal after 4 p.m. Wednesday, when the league year begins, according to the source.

Analysis: Breaking down the Johnson deal, plus every Jets signing

The addition of Brown addressed the biggest weakness on the team. Baltimore's wide receivers produced the fourth-fewest receiving yards last season, with 3,235 yards.

Analysis: Breaking down the Brown deal, plus every Ravens signing

Hubbard is primarily a right tackle; he started 14 games there in four seasons with Pittsburgh. Stephenson is considered a depth signing.

Analysis: Breaking down this deal, plus every Browns signing

Butler intends to sign with Tennessee on a five-year, $61 million deal that includes a guarantee of $30 million, a source told ESPN's Adam Schefter.

Analysis: Breaking down the Butler deal, plus every Titans signing

Stewart, who will turn 31 on March 21, was cut by the Carolina Panthers on Feb. 28 and is coming off one of his worst seasons statistically behind an offensive line regarded by general manager Marty Hurney as one of the top five in the league.

Analysis: Breaking down the Stewart deal, plus every Giants signing

Graham has been one of the most prolific tight ends of his era, catching 69 touchdown passes since he entered the league with the New Orleans Saints as a third-round pick in 2010. Cutting Nelson, 32, will give the Packers more than $10.2 million in cap space.

Demovsky: Graham needs Nelson-like connection with Aaron Rodgers

Analysis: Breaking down the Graham deal, plus every Packers signing

Moncrief's career with the Colts took a turn for the worse during the 2016 season, largely due to injuries. He missed 11 games the past two seasons because of shoulder and ankle injuries after not missing any games in his first two seasons.

Analysis: Breaking down the Lee deal, plus every Jaguars signing

Breeland played college football at Clemson about three hours from Carolina's Bank of America Stadium and grew up about three-and-a-half hours away in Allendale, South Carolina.

Analysis: Breaking down the Breeland deal, plus every Panthers signing

McCown, 38, is expected to sign a one-year, $10 million contract when free agency opens on Wednesday, a source said.

Analysis: Breaking down the McCown deal, plus every Jets signing

Gabriel is the third impact receiver added by the Bears, joining WR Allen Robinson and TE Trey Burton.

Analysis: Breaking down the Gabriel deal, plus every Bears signing

Colvin, 26, has 165 tackles, 5 sacks, 14 pass breakups and 2 fumble recoveries in 48 games (25 starts) with the Jaguars.

Analysis: Breaking down the Colvin deal, plus every Texans signing

Jacksonville is re-signing Lee to a four-year deal with $38 million maximum value and $18 million guaranteed, a source told ESPN's Adam Schefter.

Analysis: Breaking down the Lee deal, plus every Jaguars signing

Amendola is the second wide receiver to commit to signing with the Dolphins on Tuesday. Wide receiver Albert Wilson committed to signing a three-year, $24 million deal with the team earlier in the day.

Reiss: Breaking down the Amendola deal, plus every Dolphins signing

Analysis: Explaining factors that would lead Amendola to leave Patriots

As the quarterback carousel keeps turning, Bradford intends to sign with Arizona, a source told ESPN's Adam Schefter. The Cardinals don't have any other quarterbacks under contract.

Weinfuss: A healthy Bradford is what Cardinals are counting on -- for one year at least

Analysis: Breaking down the Bradford deal, plus every Cardinals signing

The former Seahawks wide receiver is expected to sign a five-year, $40 million contract, including $20 million guaranteed, with Washington, sources confirmed to ESPN.

Analysis: Breaking down the Richardson deal, plus every Washington signing

Kennard agreed to terms on a three-year, $18.75 million deal, while Jones will sign a two-year deal.

The former Washington quarterback plans to sign a three-year, fully guaranteed, $84 million contract on Thursday, sources told ESPN's Adam Schefter.

Cronin: Vikings like that?! Cousins' expected signing raises Super Bowl hopes

Roundtable: Does Cousins make Vikings new NFC favorites? Insiders predict what's next

Cronin: Why the Vikings' marriage with Case Keenum was never going to be more than a short-term fling

Analysis: Breaking down the Cousins deal, plus every Vikings signing

Former Philadelphia tight end Trey Burton intends to sign a four-year deal with the Chicago Bears, a source told ESPN's Josina Anderson.

Analysis: Breaking down the Burton deal, plus every Bears signing

Posluszny played seven seasons with Jacksonville and is the franchise's second all-time leading tackler (815). He also owns the franchise record for interceptions by a linebacker (11).

Ngata will help replace defensive tackle Beau Allen, who is not expected to re-sign with the Eagles.

Analysis: Breaking down the Ngata deal, plus every Eagles signing

Brees and the Saints have agreed to a new two-year deal worth $50 million, a source confirmed to ESPN, keeping the future Hall of Famer off the free-agent market as expected.

Triplett: Brees takes less to try to win one more with Saints

Analysis: Breaking down the Brees deal, plus every Saints signing

Richburg intends to sign a five-year contract with San Francisco, a source told ESPN's Adam Schefter.

Analysis: Breaking down the Richburg deal, plus every 49ers signing

Wilson intends to sign with Miami on a three-year, $24 million contract, a source confirmed to ESPN.

Baltimore created $4.8 million in much-needed salary-cap room by releasing Woodhead and not picking up the option on starting right tackle Howard on Tuesday, sources confirmed to ESPN.

Detroit announced that it has re-signed safety Wilson. Sources told ESPN's Adam Schefter that Wilson will get a two-year, $7 million deal.

Lotulelei, the 14th overall selection in the 2013 draft, spent most of the past five seasons being overshadowed by Panthers teammate Kawann Short, who made the Pro Bowl in 2015.

Analysis: Breaking down the Lotulelei deal, plus every Bills signing

The Watkins deal is worth $48 million with $30 million guaranteed, sources told ESPN's Dianna Russini.

Teicher: Chiefs should keep the good times rolling on offense

Analysis: Breaking down these moves, plus every Chiefs signing

Norwell, 26, will become the NFL's highest-paid guard, averaging $13.3 million in annual salary.

DiRocco: Norwell deal shows Jaguars prioritized run game over Allen Robinson

Sources told ESPN's Adam Schefter that Denver will reel in the 30-year-old player to be its quarterback of the present and the future when free agency officially opens Wednesday.

Analysis: Breaking down this deal, plus every Broncos signing

Legwold: Broncos pick Keenum to get back to being playoff contenders

Jaguars receiver Allen Robinson intends to sign with the Bears on a three-year, $42 million deal, barring any last-minute snags, he told ESPN's Josina Anderson late Monday night.

Dickerson: Robinson worthwhile gamble for Bears

Analysis: Breaking down the Robinson deal, plus every Bears signing

Monday, March 12

Cincinnati has struggled at tackle since veteran Andrew Whitworth signed with the Rams last offseason.

Terrell: Bengals upgrade O-line after dismal 2017 with trade

Rodak: Trades allow Bills to pounce on a top quarterback in draft

A source confirms to ESPN that the team has agreed to a three-year deal with the versatile safety, one of the team's 16 unrestricted free agents.

Analysis: Breaking down this deal, plus every Seahawks signing

Brate's deal is for six years and $41 million with $18 million guaranteed, while Grimes' deal is for one year and $10 million.

Analysis: Breaking down these deals, plus every Bucs signing

Dallas seemed to have moved on at corner at the end of last season while Scandrick dealt with a back injury.

Parker was asked to take a pay cut and declined. He will become a free agent after five seasons in Kansas City. Meanwhile, Hali was the Chiefs' first-round draft pick in 2006 but took on a part-time role last season.

The Ravens freed $1.75 million in cap space by releasing Webb, who has played his entire nine-year career in Baltimore.

Analysis: Breaking down every Ravens signing

Suh might have been hinting at the upcoming move when he tweeted a video Monday morning in which he said, "There will be some exciting things going on."

The move saves the Raiders $8.5 million on their salary cap.

Sherman, 29, joined the Chiefs in a 2013 trade with the Arizona Cardinals. He played in all 16 games in each of his five seasons in Kansas City.

Analysis: Breaking down the Sherman deal, plus every Chiefs signing

Peterson, 32, would be owed a $750,000 bonus on Friday, the third day of the league year, if he were still on the team.

Hopkins, 27, has spent the past three seasons with the Redskins but missed eight games in 2017 because of a hip injury.

Sunday, March 11

Hayward's extension is worth $36 million, including $20 million in guaranteed money, his agent, David Mulugheta, told The Associated Press.

Saturday, March 10

Sherman told ESPN's Josina Anderson that the deal is worth up to $39.15 million. He's coming off a torn Achilles tendon in one leg and a bone spur in the other.

Wagoner: Five most memorable moments from the Sherman-49ers rivalry

Wagoner: 49ers send message they're ready to win now

Reaction: John Lynch, 49ers players welcome Sherman on social media

Analysis: Breaking down every 49ers signing

The 6-foot-2, 335-pound Shelton entered the NFL as a first-round draft pick in 2015 (No. 12 overall), and the Browns will get a conditional pick in return.

McManamon: How Browns' depth chart looks after trades

Friday, March 9

Oakland has agreed to a three-year contract worth more than $15 million to keep Ellis off the market.

The teams will also swap picks in the fourth and fifth rounds, a source told ESPN. The move comes on the same day the Browns acquired Jarvis Landry from Miami and Tyrod Taylor from Buffalo.

Graziano: All the NFL quarterback market dominoes after the Browns' trades

McManamon: Best part of Browns adding three players -- They keep all their draft picks in first two rounds

Cleveland has agreed to trade the 65th overall draft pick to Buffalo for Taylor, a source told ESPN's Adam Schefter. The move means the Bills are back in the market for a quarterback.

Barnwell: The new Browns? Making sense of a trade bonanza

San Francisco is parting ways with the 34-year-old, who led the team with 6.5 sacks last season and has 105.5 in an 11-year career that also included stints in Denver and Baltimore.

The Browns are also working on a new contract for Landry, and a deal is expected to get done, a source told ESPN's Adam Schefter.

It is a five-year, $82.5 million extension that includes $55 million guaranteed, sources told ESPN's Adam Schefter.

Laine: Buccaneers reward durable, productive Evans with new deal

The 34-year-old veteran is coming off a tumultuous season that ended with his being placed on injured reserve after injuring his groin in December.

Terrell: With young corners on the rise, Jones' departure from Bengals seemed inevitable

The rare player-for-player deal, Philadelphia is currently projected to be about $14 million over the cap and needs to shed salary before March 14. Smith will make a base salary of $5 million this season, while Worley is scheduled to make $650,000.

McManus: Trade shows Super Bowl Eagles are turning the page

Newton: Trade for Smith gives Panthers needed experience, speed at WR

Sherman made it abundantly clear he wants "to go to a contender," even if that contender might be the team that is letting him go.

Tennessee is releasing quarterback Matt Cassel, safety Da'Norris Searcy and receiver Eric Weems. The moves save the Titans $7.7 million in salary-cap space.

Thursday, March 8

Talib wanted to play for defensive coordinator Wade Phillips in L.A. or for Bill Belichick in New England, sources told Schefter. This helped dictate the trade to the Rams.

Gonzalez: Rams' entertainment value has only soared with their recent additions

Legwold: Trade means book almost closed on Broncos' 2014 spending spree

The 35-year-old backup stepped in for Jameis Winston in four games last season, winning two of his three starts.

Murray has been Tennessee's lead back the past two seasons, including in 2016, when he was the AFC's leading rusher.

Los Angeles announced it signed Shields, who didn't play last season after the Packers released him in February 2017.

A source told ESPN's Josina Anderson the new contract is worth $20.3 million and includes $10 million in guaranteed money.

The Texans have re-signed the veteran to a one-year deal, the Houston Chronicle reported Thursday. Lechler averaged 48.9 yards per punt for the Texans in 2017, which ranked second in the league.

Wednesday, March 7

Baker has agreed to a one-year, $3 million deal with Cincinnati, according to a source. He was cut by the Buccaneers in February, just one season into a three-year, $15.75 million contract that he signed last March.

Reaction to every Bengals signing

More coverage

The Kirk Cousins sweepstakes:

Players who were franchised

Teams had two weeks to place the franchise tag on one pending free agent, and five used it. Read more about how the tag works here.

Rams tag S Lamarcus Joyner

Los Angeles tagged Joyner on the last day for teams to use the designation. The decision means that wide receiver Sammy Watkins will be an unrestricted free agent. Read more.

Steelers franchise RB Le'Veon Bell

Pittsburgh tagged Bell for the second consecutive year. The Steelers had increased last year's long-term contract offer, but Bell adjusted his contractual floor to $14.5 million per year to align with his running back tag. He said he won't play for a contract that averages less annually. Read more.

Cowboys tag DE DeMarcus Lawrence

The defensive end will count $17.143 million against the 2018 cap when free agency begins. The two parties will have until July 15 to work out a long-term deal. If they don't, Lawrence will play the season on the tag. Read more from Todd Archer.

Lions franchise DE Ezekiel Ansah

The Lions designated Ansah as their franchise player for 2018. When healthy, the defensive end is worth all $17.143 million he'll earn with the tag. But would a long-term deal make sense for the Lions? Read more from Michael Rothstein.

Dolphins tag WR Jarvis Landry

Miami used its nonexclusive franchise tag on the wide receiver, who informed the team that he will sign it until both can work out a trade with another team if all parties agree on compensation. The Ravens and Bears are among at least five teams to talk with Landry's agent about a potential trade, though no deal is imminent, according to a source.The Boston Bruins didn't just lose Game 4 on Friday night -- they also lost one of their top defensemen.

Torey Krug was injured late in the third period of the team's 4-3 overtime loss to the Tampa Bay Lightning, and his status for Game 5 of this Eastern Conference second-round series on Sunday is up in the air.

Editor's Picks Lick and (don't) learn: Marchand does it again Bruins winger Brad Marchand hit the Lightning's Ryan Callahan low in Game 4 -- and then followed up by attempting to lick him.

The Bruins are calling it a lower-body injury. Krug was seen leaving TD Garden on crutches and in a walking boot.

"He went into the boards," Bruins coach Bruce Cassidy told reporters. "[Alex] Killorn kind of had his stick wrapped around him, so I don't think there was anywhere he could go, right into the boards and obviously lost his footing from there. Lower-body injury, he will be evaluated further. Obviously didn't finish the game, so that's never great, but we'll see how he is in the morning."

Krug has three goals and seven assists in 10 postseason games.

Tampa Bay leads the best-of-seven series 3-1.Bermuda 242 (Leverock 66, Fray 56, Watkins 3-36, Stevens 3-42) beat Jersey 184 (Stevens 42, Ferraby 31, Stovell 4-33, Tucker 2-31) by 58 runs

Scorecard and ball-by-ball details

Kamau Leverock plays through the off side ICC/Ian Jacobs

After being benched for Bermuda's first two matches at the WCL Division Four for disciplinary reasons, star allrounder Kamau Leverock reminded Jersey of his talent with a devastating 66 off 43 balls to set up a 58-run win over Jersey at Kinrara Oval.

Returning to the scene of Saturday's training-session tirade that earned him a two-match ban, Leverock punished Jersey's bowling attack after they had sent Bermuda in at the toss. Leverock, and his opening partner Okera Bascome, each hit a four and two sixes off Cornelis Bodenstein and Anthony Hawkins-Kay to take Bermuda to 32 for 0 in two overs. Leverock brought up a 28-ball fifty in the 10th over, off Charles Perchard.

Leverock's onslaught against Jersey's bowlers was reminiscent of a similar shellacking two years ago, at the last Division Four in Los Angeles, when he smashed 137 off 111 balls.

Elliot Miles eventually ended the opening stand at 52, but Leverock and captain Terryn Fray put on another 58 for the second wicket to take Bermuda to a commanding 110 for 1 in 15 overs.

Bermuda's scoring rate fell dramatically after Leverock's dismissal, going at under four an over the rest of the way, until they were bowled out for 242 in the final over. The left-arm spin trio of Miles, Ben Stevens and Nat Watkins combined to take eight of the ten wickets.

On what has been a good batting surface at the Kinrara Oval through the tournament, Jersey stuttered in reply, falling to 32 for 3 inside the Powerplay. Stevens once again provided a major contribution with the bat to give Jersey hope, top-scoring with 42 off 52 balls at No. 3. But Jersey were hurt by a number of batsmen failing to convert their starts in the middle and lower order.

Offspinning allrounder Dion Stovell, who took the new ball and dismissed Peter Gough in the fourth over, came back to spin out the tail, finishing with 4 for 33 as Jersey were bowled out in the 43rd over for 184.Stalwart Pullela Gopichand is the recepient of the 'Coach of the year' as part of the ESPN.in 2017 Awards (2:42)

Expectations, of the Indian badminton players who compete at the Gold Coast Commonwealth Games, will understandably be sky high. The gold in the women's singles will most likely be a battle between PV Sindhu and Saina Nehwal -- the two highest-ranked women in the draw, while both Kidambi Srikanth and HS Prannoy are capable of toppling former champion Lee Chong Wei in the men's singles. Satwiksairaj Rankireddy and Chirag Shetty are the second highest-ranked team in the men's doubles.

Therefore, it will be little surprise if Indian badminton players add to their gold medal haul in Australia.

And when they do, a very familiar Indian figure -- Pullela Gopichand -- will likely be sitting in the coaches chair behind them.

File photo

It's been that way for a while now. The team won two gold medals in 2010, which is why the solitary gold medal won by Parupalli Kashyap in 2014 was considered a drop in performance.

However, there was also a time when India wasn't a badminton power at the Commonwealth Games. Before Saina Nehwal claimed the women's singles title in New Delhi in 2010, the last Indian to have won gold at the Commonwealth Games was Syed Modi, nearly 30 years before, in 1982.

Editor's Picks The year in Indian badminton: 7 titles, 3 medals Indian players had an unforgettable 2017, tasting success at Superseries events as well as the World Championships. Here's a breakdown of the year in Indian badminton.

What the badminton calendar could look like from 2018 Three grades, more tournaments for India, and a mandatory number of matches for the top players. ESPN breaks down the BWF's new format starting with the 2018 season. 1 Related

Individual players did emerge -- Gopichand himself won a silver and bronze at the 1998 Games -- but the systematic unearthing and nurturing is a very recent phenomenon. It is a phenomenon that can nearly entirely be credited to Gopichand. Of the 10-member Indian squad at Gold Coast, all but two (doubles players Ashwini Ponnappa and Chirag Shetty) began their careers at the Gopichand Academy.

Now 44, Gopichand was already one of India's most accomplished badminton players -- he remains one of only two Indians to have won the All England Open -- when his coaching career got underway. While he formally began the Gopichand Academy only in 2004, the transition had begun earlier, as his own career was coming towards an end.

"It was almost very seamless in a lot of ways, because when I was playing and was injured, I would go to the stadium anyway. So I said instead of sitting here, I would rather coach. Slowly the injury time became more and my playing time became less, as my career came to an end. Since I was not playing, I thought I might as well use the time properly. That's how things changed," he tells ESPN.

NOAH SEELAM/AFP/Getty Images

The path to success was anything but easy or even assured. While a 14-year-old Saina Nehwal was an early dream project, Gopichand, as a coach, tried to provide everything he had lacked as a player in his own time. Even though he was given the opportunity to practice at the Indoor Stadium in Gachibowli, there were frequent interruptions to the training sessions. In what would be a template for his career, Gopichand would go his own way, taking loans to build his own Academy.

"I knew that if I was to succeed as coach, I needed an academy. A lot of planning went into it. As I played in many of the top badminton-playing countries, I built this academy, which could give the best of the facilities. I always knew that the Indians had good skills but we lacked the power, speed and endurance. It needed hours of practice. I also knew it was essential to have swimming pools, gymnasiums, table tennis, gymnastics, yoga and aerobics halls, steam and ice bath rooms that would help in shaping a player's career," Gopichand once said.

Today his academy remains one of the standout examples of sporting excellence in India. It isn't just bricks and mortar that have made the difference. Gopichand built on the knowledge he had painstakingly put together over the course of his own career, instead of having youngsters have to figure things out entirely on their own.

And while his own career was cut short by injuries and he had little knowledge of managing things, Gopichand ensured the trainees at his academy had it easier. "As a sportsperson, injuries are a common feature. I think back then things were a little more tough because of the lack of sport science support, in terms of doctors or physios. I was fortunate to have Dr. Ashok Rajgopal, who was really helpful to me. But I think, still, nutrition, physiotherapy, the methods of taping and recovery, which help players recover today, were not there as much," he says.

Kidambi Srikanth lifts Australian Open trophy

Nothing is left to chance now. A team of physiotherapists travels with both seniors and juniors for competitions and Gopichand has even been known to try novel solutions such as gene-based therapy.

No wonder Sindhu's Olympic silver came not long after her recovery from a fractured foot, while Srikanth won four Superseries titles after his own battles with injury.

And It hasn't been just the players who have improved as athletes. Unwilling to relax on his laurels, Gopichand too has kept learning and improving. As coach to multiple athletes, he has had to.

"Some players respond better to emotion and aggression, while some want a calmer person. So depending (on) what the scenario is, and if the players are nervous, then I try to be more aggressive. If players are positive and confident, then I just stay back and keep my advice to a limit. So I try to keep it as much of what is relevant, rather than going by 'this is my style' kind of a thing. So whatever is important for that player at that moment of time, is what I would want myself to be doing," he says.

With no shortage of talent coming through the ranks, Gopichand's biggest struggle is simply to spread his time. "One thing I had always hoped for was for more coaches to come up. It isn't sustainable for just one coach to handle everything," he said at the India Open earlier this year.

In the coming years, perhaps this will be one more piece of the puzzle Gopichand will eventually figure out. He remains optimistic. "I think every year in the last few years we have done better than the previous one. 2017 came on the back of an Olympic medal in 2016. An exciting 2018, 2019 and 2020 ahead is what I am looking forward to," he says.On April 29 2017, Anthony Joshua made a huge statement to the boxing world as he knocked out Wladimir Klitschko at a packed Wembley Stadium to become a unified world champion, and exactly one year on, the pair came face-to-face once again at the same venue.

Joshua added the WBA belt to his IBF title on that iconic night in London, and with reports that unification fight talks with Deontay Wilder's camp are stalling, the Brit returned to the scene of his greatest triumph.

A post shared by Anthony Joshua (@anthony_joshua) on Apr 29, 2018 at 7:20am PDT

"I'm back at Wembley a year after the big fight with the main man Wladimir Klitschko," Joshua said in an Instagram video. "It's an empty arena, but there is one man lurking -- look who I found."

Joshua then swung the camera around to reveal Klitschko in the background. "And still got it, and obsessed," Klitschko bellowed.

Joshua and Klitschko were set for a rematch in Las Vegas after the pair's bout at Wembley, but Klitschko elected to retire instead -- leading Joshua to face Carlos Takam in his next fight.Arsene Wenger thinks Arsenal defender Laurent Koscielny ruptured an Achilles tendon during Thursday's loss to Atletico Madrid -- an injury that would rule him out of the World Cup with France.

Koscielny was carried off on a stretcher early in the first half after he fell to the pitch untouched and grabbed his right leg in pain.

Asked about the injury after the 1-0 loss, Wenger told BT Sport: "It's not good. It looks an Achilles rupture. Maybe we'll have good news, but the first signs are not good."

Wenger was a bit more cautious in his following news conference, saying that "you can always hope for a miracle in the scan that he will have but the first signs don't look very good."

But Wenger acknowledged that if the diagnosis is confirmed, the France international will miss this summer's World Cup

"If he has a ruptured Achilles, his chances [of playing at the World Cup] are nonexistent," Wenger said.

Koscielny has dealt with a number of Achilles injuries in the past and said a year ago he would need daily treatment for the rest of his career in order to to stay fit.

"Every morning I have my treatment for my Achilles and I know I need to do this to the end of my career," he said then. "Sometimes with all the games we play every three days, it is difficult and I need to have a rest to recover well."

Meanwhile, injured Arsenal teammate Santi Cazorla said Koscielny told him he had torn the tendon and will not make it to Russia.

"He told me it's his Achilles tendon," Cazorla told Cadena Ser radio. "He will miss the World Cup and be out of action for a long spell.

"It's a hard day all in all. It's a big loss because he is a very important player for Arsenal [and] for his national team and it's sad."

The 32-year-old started France's friendlies against Wales last November and at Russia in March and was set to be in a battle with Raphael Varane to start at centre-back alongside Samuel Umtiti.

Koscielny announced in November that he would retire from the France team after the World Cup.

Wenger called upon Calum Chambers to replace Koscielny in Madrid, but Arsenal could not find the goal they needed and crashed out 2-1 on aggregate.UFC welterweight Nick Diaz, one of the most popular fighters in MMA history, could be back in the Octagon as soon as next month. Diaz accepted a one-year suspension from the United States Anti-Doping Agency (USADA) on Monday for missing three out-of-competition drug tests within a 12-month span. The one-year period of ineligibility is retroactive to the date of Diaz's third missed test, which was April 19, 2017, meaning the suspension ends in just 10 days.

Editor's Picks Diaz to regain UFC eligibility at end of April Nick Diaz, who has not fought in more than three years, will be eligible to return to the UFC octagon after serving a one-year suspension for missed drug tests.

He has not fought since January 2015.

If he chooses to compete again, who should he fight? We asked our panel -- ESPN MMA reporter Brett Okamoto, ESPN MMA editor Greg Rosenstein, SportsCenter host Phil Murphy and digital contributor Jeff Wagenheim -- for their takes.

Okamoto: Georges St-Pierre

Definitely NOT Conor McGregor. Don't even say it. The answer to every, "Who should (insert name) fight next?" can't always be McGregor. That's just lazy. And in this case, it's just wrong. McGregor's original rival is Nate, and that's one of the best rivalries ever. Don't mess with it.

My top opponent for Diaz, assuming he actually does want to fight, would be his original rival: Georges St-Pierre.

You want to talk about another one of the greatest rivalries of all time -- look no further than GSP, Diaz. When they fought in 2013, it wasn't great. And I can't guarantee it would be great five years later. But this sport loves to revisit the past, and this would be a fun reboot.

Rosenstein: Robbie Lawler

Nick Diaz being back in MMA -- if he actually decides to compete -- is good for everyone involved. He's one of the most popular fighters in history for a reason. Fans know they'll get what they pay for both in and outside the Octagon. As far as his first matchup, I'm hoping he'll take on Robbie Lawler in a rematch from UFC 27 in 2004.

Unlike his fight against GSP, this was a back-and-forth battle I would love to see again. There's close to a zero percent chance this matchup wouldn't produce fireworks. Lawler, at 36, is in the back half of his career and has lost two of three. A marquee fight against a big name who hasn't competed in three years makes sense. He likely wants to avenge this loss, and fans no doubt hope to see it.

Nick Diaz lost to Georges St-Pierre by unanimous decision at UFC 158 in March 2013. Ross Dettman for ESPN.com

Murphy: Georges St-Pierre

Bring on the wolf tickets.

Nick Diaz isn't a serious title contender, nor will he ever be again. He hasn't won a fight in more than six years. Any matchups with any bearing on, say, the welterweight hierarchy should be thrown out.

Diaz's return needs a fun backstory, something to grab casual fans' interest aside from what it would mean for a belt. Enter the man against whom Diaz claimed he was drugged when they met at UFC 158: Georges St-Pierre.

GSP isn't rushing into his next bout -- pun fully intended. He wants high payday with low risk. The elder Diaz presents just that.

And it gives us all a chance to relive this gem over and over until the cage door shuts on their likely pay-per-view co-main event.

Wagenheim: Michael Bisping

The real answer: everyone. Try to name a Nick Diaz matchup that doesn't make your heart go thump.

Actually, there is one, so let's tweak the answer to "anyone but Floyd Mayweather," because Diaz doesn't need a circus to perform his human cannonball act. And since we're doing subtraction, I'll discard one more name from the hat: Tyron Woodley. No way Diaz -- idle for over three years, winless in six-and-a-half years -- is deserving of a shot at the welterweight title.

Anyone else, bring him on. Wouldn't you love to see Diaz and Robbie Lawler put on an encore 14 years later? Imagine a McGregor-Diaz III that pitted Conor against a different representative of the First Family of 209. What if Georges St-Pierre grabbed a mic and implored, "Où tu es, Nick?"

But I'm not hearing French in my matchmaking mind, I'm hearing "Don't be scared, homie" in a Lancashire accent. Michael Bisping is as relentlessly forward-moving as Diaz, and no less surly. And because he is on his way out of the fight game, Bisping would leave everything he has left in the Octagon.Jennie Gow and Maurice Hamilton discuss how the season has been going so far, where incidents during the races have paved the way for unpredictable winners. (2:44)

There was plenty to talk about following the chaotic Azerbaijan Grand Prix, so we've tasked Laurence Edmondson (F1 editor), Nate Saunders (F1 deputy editor) and ESPN columnists Kate Walker and Maurice Hamilton with giving their opinions on the main talking points.

Should Red Bull have intervened earlier to stop Max Verstappen and Daniel Ricciardo from racing?

Red Bull's drivers threw away a likely 22 points by crashing into each other. Peter J Fox/Getty Images

KW: I don't think a team should really intervene beyond the repeated exhortations to keep it clean that we heard on the radio in Baku. There's a limit to the extent to which racers will listen when you tell them to stop, as RBR learned all too well with multi-21 all those years ago. The boys were asked to keep it clean, and they did until they didn't.

MH: They're damned if they do and damned if they don't. I'm all in favour of the way Red Bull always allow them to race but, in this instance, you could see it heading towards the inevitable as a very intense fight over the pecking order was being sorted out. After three-quarter distance (at the time of the final stops) they should have stepped in. But I wouldn't like to be the one making that call...

LE: With the benefit of hindsight, the answer seems obvious. But imagine if Red Bull had asked Ricciardo not to race Verstappen after his final pit stop had seen him shuffled behind his teammate! I'm pretty sure he wouldn't have listened anyway, and then you've got a whole different controversy on your hands. Red Bull now needs to set some clear ground rules -- and Niki Lauda's suggestion of making the drivers pay for any damage they cause seems like a good starting point.

NS: Yes. I'm all for hard racing, but this wasn't a collision that came out of nowhere -- the pair had banged wheels earlier in the race and had nearly put each other in the wall. The last message we heard to Daniel Ricciardo before the collision was 'let's get him!' -- hardly the tone of a team looking to bring home a decent haul of points.

Red Bull said both drivers were to blame. Do you agree?

The Red Bull duo came to blows on lap 40 of the Azerbaijan Grand Prix while battling for fourth place. Mark Thompson/Getty Images

KW: No. Max Verstappen -- the man for whom the Verstappen rule was named, don't forget -- was weaving under braking. Daniel kept it clean, and was unlucky to have to pay for his teammate's sins. But Max is signed up long-term, and Daniel's sniffing around at the end of this year, so the team need to be as diplomatic as possible.

MH: Yes - but I'd say it was 70 percent Verstappen and 30 Ricciardo. Max's two moves were more than marginal and Daniel -- even allowing for his phenomenal control under braking -- probably wouldn't have made it round the corner. Saying that, RB probably urged their drivers to put their hands up, not to argue in front of the stewards and avoid further penalties. A smart move.

LE: Sure, Ricciardo was being aggressive by attacking on the inside, but it was Verstappen who caused the collision by making a second move under braking once his teammate had committed. Back in 2016 the "Verstappen rule" was introduced to the regulations to specifically outlawed such behaviour, and for good reason. Although moving under braking is no longer detailed in the sporting regs, it doesn't make the practice any less dangerous. Had Verstappen not made that final movement back to the inside, the accident wouldn't have happened.

NS: Yes. As the stewards' verdict said, Max Verstappen's indecisive drift right and then left triggered Ricciardo's move, but the Australian's attempt looked uncharacteristically clumsy -- he barrelled in when the gap to the left did not appear big enough for a pass.

Will McLaren make a step forward in Spain?

McLaren has scored points at every race and is hoping for a major upgrade in Spain. Robert SzaniszlÃ³/NurPhoto via Getty Images

KW: Given their shambolic past few years and sub-par start to this season, it would be good to see McLaren regain some momentum with their '2018 car' debuting in Catalunya. But it's become a little boy who cried wolf -- the car is always about to get better yet never does, so I won't be holding my breath for a strong weekend for Woking. Here's hoping I'm wrong.

MH: They will have an upgrade package -- but so will everyone else in that incredibly tight midfield. Barcelona will give us a good yardstick for team comparisons and it's hard to see McLaren getting rid overnight of what appears to be an inherent drag problem. Alonso, of course, will drive the wheels off the thing at home. But if he struggles, I imagine the debriefs will be colourful.

LE: This upgrade has been in the pipeline since before the start of the season, but news of a major technical reshuffle back in Woking suggests even the team doesn't have much confidence in the direction of development. Also beware of false dawns. The next two rounds should suit the MCL33, but it might be two steps forward in Spain and Monaco before two steps back in Canada and France.

NS: Given the resources available to the team, there can be no excuses if it fails to move up the order in Spain. We've heard all about the prowess of its chassis in recent times. This race will likely define the rest of McLaren's season.

Which driver has impressed you most over the opening four races?

The start to the 2018 season has been wide open at the front. Charles Coates/Getty Images

KW: For me it's a toss up between Valtteri Bottas and Charles Leclerc at completely opposite ends of the grid. Valtteri may have had victory cruelly snatched from him on Sunday, but beyond that bit of debris the Finn delivered an absolutely sterling performance, driving well and capitalising on strategy. Before Baku, Bottas was better able to eke performance out of the W09 on race days, and outqualified his teammate more than anyone expected. He's been doing brilliantly. As for Leclerc, putting a Sauber in P6 is a sterling achievement, and one that will make a serious difference to the Swiss racers' ultimate championship position. More please!

MH: Bottas has done a very good job, recovering from a Melbourne shunt that could have been a mental setback given just how close it is at the front. You could argue that he should have had a go on the last lap in Bahrain but, overall, he's been very unlucky and, so far, done a better job than his team-mate. It's a crucial time, career-wise, and he's rising to the occasion.

LE: Given the car at his disposal, it has to be Fernando Alonso. Clearly the McLaren is lacking one-lap pace (it has yet to qualify in the top ten) but he is still sixth -- yes, sixth -- in the drivers' championship, and just nine points off Daniel Ricciardo in fifth. He is one of just three drivers to have scored points at every round and even scored in Baku despite a double puncture on the opening lap and significant damage to his car. Put him in a Mercedes or Ferrari and he'd be leading the championship.

NS: Until his error in Baku, this would have been Nico Hulkenberg. I'll go Sebastian Vettel instead. His performances this year have been so impressive, I would argue he's driving close to his 2013 level at the moment. The on-board shots of his three pole laps this year have been utterly tremendous. He's been unlucky not to win the last two races and without the intervention of Max Verstappen in China he would probably still be leading the championship.

Is Baku the most exciting circuit on the calendar?

Clive Mason/Getty Images

KW: No, because of the absolute snorefest we had to suffer through in the first year. It's certainly a good track, and even good tracks can bring about dull races, but sectors one and three are pretty dreary -- it's sector two that gives Baku all of its sex appeal.

MH: It's certainly one of them. I've always loved street circuits -- and this one has overtaking! It didn't look that way when the drivers applied excessive caution after seeing the GP2 chaos first time out in 2016, but now they're really going for it. The presence of concrete walls cranks up the entertainment value as mistakes are punished -- unlike the wide runoffs and official 'slap on the wrist' for exceeding track limits elsewhere.

LE: As long as there is a Safety Car restart there is going to be carnage in Baku. As soon as the tyre temperatures drop, incidents start breeding incidents and that's exactly what we've seen at the last two races there. I'm also still pumped from my trip down to Turn 8 during Friday practice and the precision it required to thread 1000bhp between a medieval wall on the left and a pile of Tec-Pro barriers on the right. Bowser's Castle has nothing on this place!

NS: Clearly, it's a tremendous venue for an entertaining grand prix race -- the characteristics of a street circuit, but with good overtaking opportunities and the potential for drama. It's hard to argue against the last two races there, so I would say yes. However, the layout of the circuit concerns me: I fear we are one big accident away from seeing it in a very different light.ABOUT COOKIES

We use cookies to help make this website better, to improve our services and for advertising purposes. You can learn more about our use of cookies and change your browser settings in order to avoid cookies by clicking here. Otherwise, we'll assume you are OK to continue.

Continue15-year-old Anish Bhanwala became India's youngest gold medalist at the Commonwealth Games after shooting 30 points -- a Commonwealth Games record -- in the 25m Rapid Fire final. Adding to the tally, Tejaswini Sawant and Anjum Moudgil completed a formidable 1-2 in the women's 50m Rifle 3 Positions as they won the gold and silver medal respectively at the ongoing Commonwealth Games on Friday.

Going into the final, Anish sat comfortably on top of the table in the qualification round, scoring 580 points. His compatriot Neeraj Kumar finished second with 579 points. As the first stage of the final began, Anish continued with the momentum that he had earlier, leading comfortably at 13 points, four points ahead of Australia's David Chapman, who held the second position after 15 shots.

In the eliminators, as Anish continued to lead by four points, ahead of Australia's Sergei Evglevski, Neeraj slipped, failing to maintain his nerves in a shoot-off to stay alive in the competition, to finish fifth with 13 points. With the last three eliminators to go, Evglevski took his game a notch higher, scoring a 5/5 to bridge the gap between him and the Indian to just two points. The cat-and-mouse chase continued as Anish -- with 25 points -- held on to a one-point lead against the Australian in the final eliminator. Anish hit the next five shots on target to go to 30 points, making it impossible for Evglevski to take the gold.

Anish hails from Kashandi, Haryana and is coached by former CWG gold medalist Jaspal Rana. His elder sister Muskan is also a national-level shooter.

The 15-year-old had previously won gold in the 25m standard pistol event at the junior World Championships last year, where he set a new junior World Record in the qualification stage. He had also represented India at the modern pentathlon junior World Championships in 2013. Anish looks up to Vijay Kumar, who won silver for India in the same event in the London Olympics in 2012 and counts three-time Olympic Gold-medalist Ralf Schumann among his biggest influences.

Tejaswini, Anjum complete 1-2 in 50m rifle 3 positions

PATRICK HAMILTON/AFP/Getty Images

Tejaswini, who had won a silver in the 50m Rifle Prone on Thursday, shot a total of 457.9 to set a new Commonwealth Games record and finish on top of the table. Compatriot Anjum, giving a tough competition to Tejaswini, shot a 544.7 to finish second.

Coached by Kuheli Gangulee, Tejaswini took up the sport upon persuasion by her mother Sunita. She had won silver in the same event in 2006. With this medal, the 37-year-old further increased her Commonwealth Games medal tally to seven -- having previously won two golds, two silvers and two bronze medals since 2006.

The Kolhapur-born gold medalist, who trains in Pune, had earlier equalled the world record (EWR) after winning gold in the Munich World Championships in 2010 in the 50m rifle prone. She had also won bronze in the 50m rifle 3 postions in the ISSF World Cup held in Munich in 2009.

Anjum, who had won a silver at the ISSF shooting World Cup in Mexico last month, failed to qualify for the final of the 50m prone event. The 24-year-old is an inspector in the Punjab Police and is coached by former Olympian Deepali Deshpande. Her mother was a university-level shooter and she was introduced to the sport by her.

In the qualification round, while Anjum set a qualification record at the Commonwealth Games, shooting a 589 to finish first, Tejaswini finished third with a score of 582.For the past 20 years, the New York Knicks have been largely associated with drama, dysfunction and a lot of losing. President Steve Mills and general manager Scott Perry are desperate to change all of that.

On Thursday, they completed what they hope is the first step in the process by hiring David Fizdale as head coach. "We got our guy," one team source said.

If Fizdale is indeed the guy, he'll end up bringing a sense of stability to a franchise that hasn't had much of late. The Knicks have had 11 coaches since the 2001-02 season, have won just one playoff series in that span and have left a loyal fan base frustrated and confused countless times.

So you can forgive some of those fans for scoffing at the following thought:

There's actually a clear path forward now for the Knicks.

With Fizdale in place, the club will turn its attention to building a young core centered around injured All-Star Kristaps Porzingis.

"It's going to take time," Mills said last month. "And that's been one of our issues over the years, that we tried to do it with quick fixes."

It all sounds logical, but we know that the road to normalcy will be long and arduous.

Below is a look at the next steps for the Knicks and the decisions they need to get right to turn the page on years of dysfunction:

Figure things out with Porzingis: A little more than 12 months ago, Porzingis skipped his exit meeting with Mills and then-president Phil Jackson due to frustration with the franchise. The relationship hasn't been fully repaired.

Fizdale, however, seems determined to improve it. According to a report by ESPN's Adrian Wojnarowski, Fizdale plans to travel to Latvia to meet with Porzingis in his home country.

This is a strong, timely move by the new head coach. Porzingis, who is recovering from surgery to repair a torn ACL, is eligible for a five-year, $157 million contract extension. It's unclear at the moment if the Knicks plan to offer Porzingis a max extension while he's hurt, but what is clear is that the relationship between player and franchise is at a crossroads. Maybe a little face time with Fizdale can help move things in the right direction.

David Fizdale has agreed to become the next head coach of the New York Knicks. Can he kick-start their rebuild? Anthony Gruppuso/USA TODAY Sports

Hit on draft picks and develop: If the Knicks want to build around Porzingis, they'll need to nail their draft picks in June. New York will have a top-10 pick and a high second-round pick, and for the first time in a while, the club owns all of its first-round picks going forward. So drafting players and developing them will be key.

The Knicks feel good about their player-development program, headed by Craig Robinson. The hope is that Fizdale and the staff he hires enhance that program. Fizdale built a reputation as an assistant coach with the Miami Heat on his ability to connect and communicate with players, and on strong teaching and tactical ability. A key for New York's head coach will be the development of guard Frank Ntilikina -- selected eighth overall in the 2017 draft -- who was a recurring topic for the Knicks during the coaching search, sources say.

Become a destination for free agents: Due in part to self-inflicted drama, the Knicks struggled to lure top free agents during Jackson's tenure. Whether it was owner James Dolan's handling of the Charles Oakley incident or Jackson's handling of Carmelo Anthony's exit, there always seemed to be a reason for top free agents to keep the Knicks from the top of their wish lists. Players always wanted to play in New York, they just didn't want to deal with the negativity surrounding the Knicks. Obviously, that needs to change if the club hopes to build a winner.

Perry has strong relationships around the league. Fizdale is also popular among some players in the league, including LeBron James and Dwyane Wade, which could help in free agency. (Before you ask, the idea that Fizdale can lure James to New York is a pipe dream.)

The bigger question for the Knicks is how much money they'll have to spend in 2019. There are many variables at play, but the Knicks could have at least $30 million in cap space that summer if they renounce the rights to all of their free agents and remove all non-guaranteed money from their books (which is a big if, of course).

That number could change if they sign Porzingis to a new deal this offseason. But if New York decides to wait and offer Porzingis an extension in the summer of 2019, which is a risk for both sides, it would create an additional $10 million in cap space for the club. If the Knicks sign Porzingis to an extension this summer, they could still have about $20 million in space (again, assuming they renounce their rights to all their free agents).

Try to minimize off-court drama: This might be the most difficult item on Mills and Perry's to-do list.

Whether it was Jackson's issues with Carmelo Anthony, Derek Fisher's fight with Matt Barnes or Derrick Rose going AWOL, the Knicks had been in the news for the wrong reasons regularly in recent seasons.

Mills had prominent roles in the organization for much of the recent chaos. But he and Perry would love to turn the page on all of that.

An early test for Mills, Perry and Fizdale will be the Joakim Noah situation.

play 1:38 Is keeping Noah possible for Knicks? Tracy McGrady and Kevin Arnovitz outline the dire options the Knicks face with Joakim Noah's hefty contract.

Noah and the Knicks agreed to indefinitely part ways after the veteran center and then head coach Jeff Hornacek had to be separated during an argument at practice.

Will Fizdale want to keep Noah away? Will he welcome him back? If the Knicks decide they want Noah to remain away from the club, will they buy him out?

It's a delicate player-coach issue that the Knicks would certainly prefer to avoid in the future. Fizdale dealt with his own issues in Memphis when his relationship with star center Marc Gasol soured.

The coach later said that he has learned from his mistakes with the Grizzlies and is eager for a second chance. He gets that in New York.

His four-year deal aligns seamlessly with the five-year pacts that Mills and Perry signed last season. So, for better or for worse, these three men will be leading the Knicks going forward.

For the first time in a long time, there's a clear path back to respectability for New York.

Will Mills, Perry and Fizdale be able to follow the map?Jose Mourinho puts his Man United fringe players on blast after their 1-0 defeat at Brighton, indirectly explaining why he starts Romelu Lukaku over others. (0:40)

Three quick thoughts from Brighton & Hove Albion's 1-0 Premier League win over Manchester United on Friday at the Amex Stadium, which assures the Seagulls stay up for a second successive season in England's top flight.

1. Man United dire, Brighton secure survival

It is performances like this that cost Manchester United any chance of winning the Premier League title this season.

Jose Mourinho's team should still finish second despite a dire 1-0 defeat to Brighton at the Amex Stadium. They still need four points, but with games against West Ham and Watford to come, it is well within reach.

Still, the gap to Manchester City has never looked bigger.

Brighton secured their Premier League survival with their first win over United since 1982. United, meanwhile, have now lost away from home to all three promoted teams in the same season for the first time. You can file this under awful, along with deserved defeats at Huddersfield and Newcastle.

United headed to Brighton on the back of back-to-back wins over Tottenham and Arsenal. But judging by the first 45 minutes, you wouldn't have known it.

Marouane Fellaini touched in Marcus Rashford's free kick after two minutes only to have his celebrations cut short by the linesman's flag. But if Mourinho thought it was a sign of things to come, he was wrong.

David De Gea, crowned United's player of the year for a fourth time in five years on Tuesday, clawed away Glenn Murray's volley after 20 minutes. He was forced to palm over Jose Izquierdo's long-range effort eight minutes later, and Shane Duffy nearly scored from the resulting corner.

Mourinho was down the tunnel before the half-time whistle had gone, but whatever he said in the dressing room didn't work.

Just before the hour mark, Izquierdo got to the byline and Pascal Gross, Brighton's standout player this season, headed in. Marcos Rojo, making his first start since Feb. 3, did his best to hook it away but it was over the line -- just.

Rashford forced Mathew Ryan to make a smart stop, and substitute Lingard skewed a shot wide, but that was as close as United came to an equaliser.

In the end it was Brighton's night --- a night that ensured there should be more like it next season.

Getty

2. Fellaini weakens bargaining position

Fellaini has shown exactly what he can do and exactly what he can't in the space of six days.

On as a substitute against Arsenal at Old Trafford last weekend, he caused enough chaos in the penalty area to eventually win the game. One header hit the post and another -- albeit off the back of his head -- went in.

As a Plan B against Arsenal, the Belgian was effective. But as Plan A against Brighton -- playing in a midfield three alongside Nemanja Matic and Paul Pogba -- he was anything but.

For too long he was too deep, picking up the ball from the back four rather than being a nuisance in and around the Brighton box.

Mourinho wants the 30-year-old to stay at Old Trafford, but this was exactly the type of performance that shows why so many fans believe it is time for him to move on.

Most supporters can understand why he is a useful substitute -- something to throw on when nothing else has worked -- but they don't want the club to push the boat out to keep a player who has come to personify the post-Ferguson dip.

Sources have told ESPN FC that Fellaini's preference is to sign a new deal at Old Trafford, while Mourinho has revealed the Belgian has been offered a pay rise to stay. The contract, though, is still unsigned, and his 67 minutes against Brighton did nothing to strengthen Fellaini's hand.

3. Cup final auditions go poorly

Mourinho said before the FA Cup semifinal against Tottenham that there were places up for grabs. If this was an audition for the final against Chelsea on May 19, the only players to make a compelling case to start were the ones who were left out.

Rashford, Anthony Martial and Juan Mata were all picked to start with Romelu Lukaku and Alexis Sanchez left behind nursing injuries. There can be no complaints when Mourinho recalls both the moment they are fit.

There has been speculation that Rashford and Martial are unhappy at a lack of opportunities at United. Sources have told ESPN FC that Martial, in particular, would consider a move away if it meant more regular football.

Mourinho handed them chances against Brighton to prove why they should start more games, but there can be no arguments if they are both on the bench at Wembley later this month. Sanchez and Lukaku will come back in against Antonio Conte's side while Lingard, on the bench at the Amex, is likely to start, too.

Rashford and Martial -- 20 and 22 -- still have time on their side, but the consistency Mourinho craves is not there yet.ABOUT COOKIES

We use cookies to help make this website better, to improve our services and for advertising purposes. You can learn more about our use of cookies and change your browser settings in order to avoid cookies by clicking here. Otherwise, we'll assume you are OK to continue.

ContinueThe Wallabies look set to take on Six Nations champions Ireland in next month's three-Test series without Will Genia after the star halfback injured his knee.

Genia limped off late in the first half of the Melbourne Rebels' 55-10 Super Rugby thrashing by the Crusaders at AAMI Park with the early diagnosis a medial ligament tear.

That means the 30-year-old is likely to be sidelined for up to eight weeks, ruling him out of the series against the Irish starting in Brisbane on June 9.

Genia will have a scan on Saturday but a Rebels spokesman said the initial diagnosis wasn't good.

Mike Owen/Getty Images

"At this stage it looks like a grade two or three tear according to the physio," the spokesman said.

Without Genia, the No.9 Test jersey is wide open with Nick Phipps starting on the bench for the Waratahs behind Jake Gordon while Brumbies halfback Joe Powell is also in the mix.

While Genia has starred for the Rebels, who he joined after two years playing in France, he missed their two previous games with a hamstring injury.

That didn't appear to give him any trouble in the AAMI Park match and he looked at his dangerous best before the injury that was caused by a tackle midway through the opening half.

Genia had the knee strapped and battled on for another 10 minutes before being forced off.With 252 runs in four matches this season for Kings XI Punjab, Chris Gayle has rediscovered the form that made him such a force for Royal Challengers Bangalore over the years, before he was released by the franchise ahead of the 2018 IPL.

Gayle, however, revealed he'd been told RCB would retain him, only to not hear from the franchise again. "I was their biggest draw. It was disappointing from that end, because they had called me. They wanted me in the team and I was told that I will be retained," Gayle told The Times of India. "But they never called back after that. So that gave me the impression that they didn't want me, and it's fine.

RCB let Gayle go after he scored only 200 runs at a strike rate of 122.69 in nine innings in the 2017 IPL, but between then and now the batsman had found T20 form.

In the 2017 CPL, Gayle was the highest scorer for St Kitts and Nevis Patriots. He bettered that in the BPL, where he topped the tournament run charts by a distance and scored 146 not out with 18 sixes in the final.

"I think I had a wonderful CPL and BPL - where I scored two centuries for my side Rangpur Riders. The stats don't lie: 21 centuries, most number of sixes. If that doesn't put a stamp on brand Chris Gayle, I don't know what will."

Gayle nearly didn't make it to this IPL entirely. Having gone unsold when his name came up for bidding the first time during the player auction in January, he was eventually bought at base price by Kings XI towards the end of the auction's second day.

"I'll be honest in admitting that it was very surprising for me to not get picked by any team," Gayle said. "I don't know what went behind closed doors, but I also understand that these things happen," he said. "It's just the way it is. But it's fine, I've moved on from it. Like I said, it's a great opportunity to be playing for King XI Punjab, and so far I've had a great time. Perhaps it was supposed to happen, you know. King Gayle: destined to be playing for Kings XI Punjab."

After finally being picked at the auction, Gayle did not have a smooth start to the season either: he was benched for Kings XI's first two games. However, after overseas batsmen Aaron Finch and David Miller had poor starts themselves, Gayle was given a go at the top of the order. He scored a 33-ball 63 against Chennai Super Kings and then followed up with a hundred and another half-century, forming a prolific opening partnership with KL Rahul, another player RCB let go.

"Even though I was selected in the very last round of the auction, I wasn't really worried about it," Gayle said. "At some stage, you are going to walk away from the IPL and other forms of cricket. This is how I've always been: living in the present. But, given the sense that I was picked up and playing for a new franchise, it was very pleasing. And the way I have played in the first three games, I think it has been fantastic. I'm very happy with where I'm at."A heavyweight bout between former champion Junior dos Santos and Blagoy Ivanov is scheduled to headline UFC Fight Night on July 14 in Boise, Idaho.

Sources confirmed the planned matchup to ESPN on Monday. The televised event will take place at CenturyLink Arena.

Dos Santos (18-5) hasn't fought since he challenged Stipe Miocic for the heavyweight title last May. The 34-year-old lost the bout via TKO.

Originally from Brazil and now fighting out of South Florida, dos Santos was sidelined in 2017 by a failed drug test in August. The United States Anti-Doping Agency (USADA) eventually suspended him for six months, while also announcing the failed test was caused by a legal tainted supplement.

For Ivanov (16-1), the main event will mark his UFC debut. The Bulgarian heavyweight is a decorated wrestler and figures to be an interesting addition to the division. He has fought in WSOF and Bellator MMA previously.The Milwaukee Bucks plan to interview San Antonio Spurs assistant coach Becky Hammon for the franchise's head-coaching vacancy, league sources told ESPN on Friday.

Hammon is the NBA's first female assistant coach and now will be the first woman to interview for a head-coaching job in the league.

Hammon isn't considered a frontline candidate on a Bucks list that includes at least 10 possible candidates, but Milwaukee ownership and general manager Jon Horst were intrigued enough to ask the Spurs for permission to speak with her.

The Bucks met with Hammon in 2017 about the team's GM vacancy, despite the fact that she had no front-office experience.

The Bucks will meet with Spurs assistant Ettore Messina on Saturday and with former Charlotte coach Steve Clifford and former New Orleans coach Monty Williams next week, league sources said. Former Atlanta coach Mike Budenholzer also will meet with the Bucks.

Hammon, 41, is the fourth Spurs assistant to interview for a head-coaching opening this spring. Messina, James Borrego and Ime Udoka have interviewed for several openings. Borrego will interview for the Milwaukee job next week, league sources said.

Hammon coached the Spurs' summer league team to a Las Vegas Summer League championship in 2015. She was a six-time All-Star in her 16-year WNBA playing career, retiring in 2014 to accept the San Antonio assistant-coaching job under Spurs coach Gregg Popovich.Anju Bobby George, one of the 14 members of the jury for the first ESPN India Awards on her choices in voting

For me, Viswanathan Anand was the clear winner for the male 'Sportsman of the Year' award. To come back from some really difficult years and win a world title, and that too at his age, I think was simply outstanding. While the rest of the nominees in the category also had some stellar achievements, I chose the level of competition as the yardstick. I wouldn't think it's fair to compare Kidambi Srikanth's Super Series wins to Anand's world title. A chess world title can only be evenly matched by an Olympic or World Championship medal in badminton. To think that Anand is the only world champion India has ever produced in chess makes it even more remarkable.

It was a slightly easier choice in the women's field. PV Sindhu's World Championship silver medal got her ahead of everyone else. Saina Nehwal too was in close contention. I think a lot of thought went behind the nominee list so at no point while going through the categories and names did I feel that anyone deserving had been left out.

Editor's Picks Sportsman of the Year nominees: Super Srikanth, consistent Chhetri and more 2017 was the year of Kidambi Srikanth's rise, Sunil Chhetri's consistency, Pankaj Advani's long list of records and so much more. Here are ESPN India's nominations for the year's best sportsmen.

Swift Sindhu, tenacious Mirabai sparkle in Sportswoman of the Year nominations From Mirabai Chanu's magnificent win at the Weightlifting World Championships to yet another scintillating year for PV Sindhu, here are ESPN India's nominations for the Sportsperson of the Year (female). 1 Related

This is after the cutoff of the awards period, but the athlete that really caught my eye recently was gymnast Aruna Reddy who won India's first-ever individual medal at the World Cup.

When I look back at the awards I've won, the most cherished-ones are the Khel Ratna and Padma Shri which I won in the 2003-04 period. There's a reason why both were special apart from being state honours. Both of them, as well as the Arjuna award that I won were presented to me by someone I've always admired greatly, Dr APJ Abdul Kalam. For athletes, an award is a huge reassurance that all the hard work they're putting in matters. It motivates you to get out of bed and push yourself harder every morning.

As told to Susan Ninan

Anju Bobby George: India's most successful athlete of the 21st century so far, long jumper Anju Bobby George was the first Indian to win a medal at a World Athletics Championships in Paris 2003. Two years later, she won gold at the World Athletics Final in Monte Carlo 2005, to go with her Asian Games and Asian Championship gold medals, and is still the national record-holder in the event. She is currently involved in the government's sports promotion campaigns and heads the Target Olympic Podium Scheme.ARLINGTON, Va. -- The Washington Capitals have signed top goaltending prospect Ilya Samsonov to a three-year, entry-level contract.

General manager Brian MacLellan announced the deal Friday, six weeks after Samsonov played his final game of the season in the Kontinental Hockey League playoffs. Samsonov will count $925,000 against the salary cap each of the next three seasons when in the NHL, plus any bonuses he earns.

Washington selected Samsonov in the first round, 22nd overall, at the 2015 draft. He's considered one of the best goaltenders not currently playing in the NHL.

Samsonov had a 2.31 goals-against average and .926 save percentage in 26 regular-season games with Metallurg Magnitogorsk this year. It's unclear whether the 21-year-old Russian will play for the Capitals or the American Hockey League's Hershey Bears next season.Liverpool's Mohamed Salah, Roberto Firmino and Sadio Mane became the most prolific front three in Champions League history on Wednesday when Mane scored in the ninth minute of the 4-2 defeat to Roma in the second leg of the Champions League semifinal.

The three players have combined for 29 goals in the Champions League this season, surpassing the 28 goals scored by Real Madrid's trio of Cristiano Ronaldo, Gareth Bale and Karim Benzema in 2013-14.

Salah and Firmino have each scored 10 goals in the competition this season, with Mane reaching nine goals following his opening strike.

Liverpool went through 7-5 on aggregate to reach the final for the first time since 2007, but it was the first time they were defeated in the Champions League this season.

Named the Premier League player of the year by the media and by the players, Salah scored twice in the first leg against his former team and has scored 43 goals in all competitions, becoming the first Liverpool player since Ian Rush in 1986-87 to surpass 40 goals in a season.

Liverpool also became the third team to score 40 goals in the Champions League, not including qualifying, after Georginio Wijnaldum's 25th-minute tally. Barcelona scored 45 goals in 1999-2000 and Real Madrid scored 41 in 2013-14.

And, after Radja Nainggolan scored in the 86th minute and again on a penalty in added time, the teams combined for 13 goals over the two legs, marking the second-highest total ever reached in the semifinals. Eintracht Frankfurt and Rangers combined to score 16 goals in the 1959-60 European Cup.

Information from ESPN Stats & Information was used in this report.CHARLOTTE, N.C. -- Ian Thomas was with his grandmother, sisters and brothers on April 27, all waiting for the phone to ring as the NFL draft went into its second day. They all wanted to be there to celebrate a moment that once didn't seem possible for the Indiana tight end.

Especially older brother Cliff Farmer.

Farmer legally adopted Thomas and two of his nine siblings when their father, Earl, died of a heart attack when Thomas was 9. It came a year after their mother, Martha, died from a kidney infection.

Farmer, 19 at the time, didn't want to see Ian or any of his brothers and sisters go into foster homes. He didn't want them caught up in the street life around their neighborhood in Baltimore, where many of Farmer's friends were killed before they reached 21.

Panthers tight end Ian Thomas, left, with older brothers Cliff Farmer, middle, and Earl Thomas. Courtesy of Cliff Farmer

So he was there Friday night to celebrate Thomas' long, hard journey to the NFL.

The call didn't come -- at least not then.

It came Saturday when Farmer was on the job as a concrete finisher, where he began working for $200 a week when he adopted Thomas. He got the news from his uncle that Thomas was selected at the top of the fourth round by the Carolina Panthers.

"I was disappointed I wasn't there," Farmer said. "We were partying anyway [Friday] just for him to be in the draft. ... He's ready to work. I believe he will take on any challenge that is thrown at him. I have no doubt he will prevail."

But here's what Farmer missed by not being there in person.

"Everyone is recording it," Thomas said on a conference call shortly after he was selected. "I see some tears here and there, but it's great. Especially, where we came from and how far we've been. So that's a blessing in itself."

No interest in trading

Carolina general manager Marty Hurney had several teams call after the draft's second day wanting to trade for the first pick of the fourth round.

Hurney didn't budge. He had a player in mind.

Apparently, so did one of the teams trying to trade up.

"One of them texted right after and said, 'Well, we don't have to look to trade up anymore,'" Hurney said. "So I guess they were looking to trade up to take Ian."

That would be Thomas, 6-foot-4 and 259 pounds.

The Panthers have been trying for years to find a player to groom as a future replacement for Pro Bowl tight end Greg Olsen and to play opposite Olsen. They hoped it was Ed Dickson, but after four good-but-not-great seasons, they let him sign with Seattle in free agency.

They believe they have that player now in Thomas, considered the best of the second tier of tight ends in this year's draft class, a player who has been compared by some to future Hall of Famer Antonio Gates.

Thomas is a long way from the shrine in Canton, Ohio. There was a time when he was a long way from the NFL, period. Besides losing his parents at a young age, he wasn't recruited by a Division I team out of Digital Harbor High School (Baltimore) and wound up at Nassau Community College -- initially for basketball.

He ultimately found his way back to football and transferred to Indiana as a junior. He caught only three passes his first season and 25 this past year, but showed enough athletic prowess to impress NFL coaches and general managers.

"He definitely has the abilities to come and contribute right away, but we think he has got a very high upside," Hurney said.

'Dream come true'

Thomas is quiet by nature, often answering in sentences of two words. He keeps much of what he's been through to himself and admits that as a kid he never thought the NFL was a possibility.

"But as the years passed, and going through the schools that I've been through, having help from all the good coaches that I have had and having a great support system behind me, they have made it possible for me to believe in myself," he said. "It's a dream come true."

Panthers GM Marty Hurney on rookie tight end Ian Thomas: "He definitely has the abilities to come and contribute right away, but we think he has got a very high upside." Darron Cummings/AP Photo

Alan Holmes, the athletic director at Digital Harbor High, has seen three athletes during his career that he knew were special right away.

One was a kid who couldn't escape trouble in Baltimore. Another was NFL star receiver Anquan Boldin.

The other was Thomas.

"People are going to see they missed on a huge prospect," Holmes said. "He's prototypical of the potential you can have no matter how rough your life is, that you can be a good human being and successful if you put your mind to it."

Holmes wasn't surprised Thomas didn't get much attention coming out of high school, but it had nothing to do with talent.

"We didn't have a true high school quarterback," he said. "Ian was catching balls because Ian had skills."

One play in particular showed Thomas' ability.

"He made a catch in a key game against a program we hadn't beaten in years," Holmes recalled. "He had a defender underneath him, a defender behind him. The ball was tipped by the underneath defender. Ian laid out, got both feet inbounds in the corner of the end zone and was able to bring the ball in."

Because Thomas is so quiet, Holmes only recently learned about all that Thomas had been through growing up without parents.

"He really kept that stuff tight to the vest for a long time," Holmes said. "It's all really coming out with this whole recruiting process with the NFL -- exactly what he had to go through."

Farmer believes the tough road will pay off for Thomas.

"I believe it was meant for him to go that route, for him to really have to grind it out to get to where you want to be," he said. "It wasn't handed to him at all."

Thomas can't thank his brother enough for getting him to this point.

"He's always been telling me to stay cool and things will work themselves out," he said. "What is meant to be, will be. I always thank him any chance I get for helping us growing up and for helping me become the man I am today.

"He knows how much love I have for him and how much love he has for all of us. I know it's just a blessing to have him as an older brother and a role model."From Mirabai Chanu's magnificent win at the Weightlifting World Championships to yet another scintillating year for PV Sindhu, here are ESPN India's nominations for the Sportsperson of the Year (female).

PV Sindhu

PTI/Manvender Vashist

What they did in 2017

For PV Sindhu, 2017 carried on in the same vein to her unprecedented Olympic silver medal-winning in 2016. The 22-year-old won two Superseries titles in India and Korea and finished runner-up in Hong Kong. She also won silver medals, falling just short of gold in two epic finals at the World Championships and the World Superseries Finals in Dubai. It was a run of form that saw her rise to a career-high World Number 2.

In their own words

"I want to do better than last year. As a player you have to evolve and can't sit on your past records. There are many things that have changed from the way I played when I won my first world championship medal in 2013 and the way I played in 2017."

- Sindhu on her year

Mirabai Chanu

Paul Gilham/Getty Images

What they did in 2017

Mirabai Chanu ended a two-decade-plus wait for India, lifting 85 kg in snatch and 109 kg in clean and jerk for an impressive 194 kg total in the 48 kg category for a World weightlifting gold medal. It became the new national record. She also became only the second Indian weightlifter after Karnam Malleshwari (in 1994 &1995) to win a gold medal at the world meet.

In their own words

"I was thinking day and night about how to get things right. I even thought of giving up the sport and stopping training. But I decided to try to do better because that's the only way to stop people from talking. It was the only way to get over the hurt."

- Mirabai on getting over the Rio Olympics disappointment

Aditi Ashok

Tristan Jones/Ladies European Tour

What they did in 2017

19-year-old Aditi Ashok became the first Indian golfer to qualify for the LPGA Tour Championships in November last year. One among eight rookies to make the season-ending championships, Aditi had impressed with a top-10 finish and starts at all five Majors. She made the cut in 13 of the 20 events on the LPGA last year with tied 8th at Marathon Classic being her best result. She also made a triumphant return to the Ladies European Tour (LET), picking up her third title in 12 months, the Fatima Bin Mubarak Ladies Open. In her rookie year on the LET in 2016, she had two wins and seven top-ten finishes in the 13 events she participated in.

What they said

"When I was 12 years old, I didn't want to compete with the under-13s, I just wanted to go and compete with the under-18s. It was a case of always trying to be one step ahead because I wanted to challenge myself."

- Aditi on finding the LPGA Tour more challenging than the LET because of its stronger and deeper field

Saina Nehwal

Jane Barlow/PA Wire

What they did in 2017

After missing most of the latter half of 2016 with a career-threatening knee injury, Saina Nehwal remained a force to contend with on the women's circuit in 2017. While she did not set the Superseries circuit alight, she won the bronze medal at the World Championships, where she lost to eventual champion Nozomi Okuhara in the semis. She also regained the National Championships after a thrilling win against PV Sindhu in the final.

In their own words

"My fighting spirit was quite good, and even I am surprised by how I played today. I think I played my 100 percent today."

- Saina, after her win in the final of the Nationals

Rani Rampal

Rani Rampal Mark Kolbe/Getty Images

What they did in 2017

Rani Rampal started 2017 by playing a leading role as India first beat Belarus in a home Test series in March and then won the World League Round 2 in Chile the following month. Over the summer, she captained India to 10th place at the World League Semi-finals, a finish that left India on the verge of qualification to their first World Cup in eight years. Rani was captain when they sealed their place in the 2018 World Cup with their first Asia Cup win in 13 years in Japan last November.

In their own words

"The next year [2018] is very important for us. These tournaments happen every four years. Naturally, now that we have won the Asia Cup, expectations will increase. We as a team need to enter these tournaments with the same confidence we had entering the Asia Cup."

- Rani, after winning the Asia Cup

MC Mary Kom

AFP PHOTO / INDRANIL MUKHERJEE

What they did in 2017

After nearly two decades of competitive boxing, Mary Kom continues to be the standard bearer for the sport in India. After a disappointing campaign to qualify for the 2016 Olympics, Kom appeared to pick up where she had left off. In November, the 34-year-old picked up her fifth gold at the Asian Championships in Vietnam, when she beat Hyang Mi Kim in the 48kg category. The gold was her first at the continental Championships since 2010. Ahead of this year's Commonwealth Games, her next target, she also won gold at the inaugural India Open Boxing Championships.

In their own words

"It is important for me to win. I am the first Indian to fight today. If I start well I can motivate the other boxers too."

- Mary Kom after qualifying for the final of the Asian ChampionshipsDerbyshire have agreed the signing of Wahab Riaz for this summer's Vitality T20 Blast, an undertaking which the player hopes will help end his exile from the Pakistan side.

Wahab, 32, has not played for Pakistan since a Test against Sri Lanka in Dubai last October and was pointedly criticised by their coach, Mickey Arthur, when he was excluded from a training squad ahead of the forthcoming tour of England for which he has not been selected. Arthur rubbished Wahab's work ethic in training and remarked that "he has not won us a game in two years."

But Derbyshire believe they have secured a matchwinner, confidence that has grown further by the news that Wahab underwent surgery at the weekend for a long-standing sinus problem.

Wahab will be available for the bulk of Derbyshire's fixtures, leaving in early August for the Caribbean Premier League where he will join Barbados Tridents.

His T20 record remains an impressive one. He finished the joint leading wicket-taker in the PSL with Faheem Asraf when he took 18 wickets for Peshewar Zalmi at an economy rate of less than seven an over. In all, he has taken 197 wickets in 167 T20 matches at an average of 7.11.

Derbyshire reached the quarter-finals of the Blast under the guidance last season of their specialist T20 coach, John Wright and Wahab's proven ability, and his reputation for turning matches with hot spells, will lift their confidence that a repeat is not beyond them.

Whether Wahab can re-energise his Pakistan career under Arthur's coaching tenure remains open to doubt.

Arthur, like many before him, is seeking "a high-performance culture within the Pakistan squad" and told ESPNcricinfo: "I expect players that have been around for a long time to be winning us games and setting standards . The guys need to push themselves and get out of their comfort zones."

"I cannot fault Wahab when he has a ball in his hand but his work ethic around training is something [that] needs to be looked at. I am changing the culture in this Pakistan environment and I am not interested in players doing just the bare minimum."

Even during his last Test, against Sri Lanka in Dubai, Wahab wrecked the top order and nearly transformed a Test that had seemed lost. But the last time he played an ODI was nearly a year ago in India during the Champions Trophy when he returned galling figures of 8.4-0-87-0.Go to: Structure and Format | Standings | Recaps and Content | The teams | Schedule | Past Content

What is the Overwatch League?

The Overwatch League is an esports league created and run by Blizzard Entertainment that will showcase Overwatch, its popular first-person shooter. The inaugural season will feature 12 teams, each of which paid $20 million for a franchise spot. Each team will represent a city with all teams playing the first season in Los Angeles. Future seasons will see home and away games for which teams will travel to compete against one another in the cities they represent, similar to a traditional sport.

Minimum player salaries are $50,000 with a one-year minimum and a second-year option, and teams are required to provide players with housing, health insurance, retirement options and more.

The preseason starts on Dec. 6 and runs until Dec. 9. The regular season launches Jan. 10, 2018, and runs until July. The total prize pool is $3.5 million, with the Season 1 champion taking home $1 million.

Overall standings

Overwatch League Season 1 Standings Team Overall Record Map Record Map Differential New York Excelsior 27-3 98-2-30 +68 Boston Uprising 22-8 79-0-53 +27 London Spitfire 19-10 81-1-45 +36 Seoul Dynasty 18-11 68-2-53 +15 Philadelphia Fusion 18-11 69-1-59 +10 Los Angeles Valiant 17-12 69-5-49 +20 Houston Outlaws 16-13 72-1-55 +17 Los Angeles Gladiators 16-14 66-2-61 +5 San Francisco Shock 12-18 54-3-68 -14 Dallas Fuel 6-24 36-6-83 -47 Florida Mayhem 6-24 35-4-86 -51 Shanghai Dragons 0-29 16-1-102 -86

Stage 3 Recaps and Content

Overwatch League Stage 3 Standings Team Overall Record Map Record Map Differential Boston Uprising 10-0 31-0-13 +18 New York Excelsior 9-1 33-0-11 +22 Los Angeles Valiant 6-3 25-1-13 +12 Los Angeles Gladiators 6-4 25-1-19 +6 San Francisco Shock 6-4 21-0-20 +1 Philadelphia Fusion 5-4 22-0-20 +2 London Spitfire 4-5 21-1-20 +1 Houston Outlaws 4-5 20-1-20 0 Seoul Dynasty 4-5 18-0-21 -3 Florida Mayhem 2-8 11-1-28 -17 Dallas Fuel 1-9 9-2-30 -21 Shanghai Dragons 0-9 8-0-29 -21

Recaps

Week 5, Day 3: Boston completes Stage 3 without a series loss

Week 5, Day 2: Shock makes statement before end of its stage

Week 5, Day 1: Philadelphia Fusion handles business against Dallas Fuel

Week 4, Day 4: Spitfire, Shock face off in Saturday showdown

Week 4, Day 3: Boston extends winning streak to 12 series

Week 4, Day 2: Spitfire continues slump against Gladiators

Week 4, Day 1: Boston extends winning streak to seven series

Week 3, Day 4: Spitfire gets back on track with win over Valiant

Week 3, Day 3: San Francisco Shock struts stuff against Philadelphia Fusion

Week 3, Day 2: Houston keeps Florida winless in Stage 3

Week 3, Day 1: Battle for LA goes to Game 5

Week 2, Day 4: Fusion wins war of attrition against Spitfire

Week 2, Day 3: Los Angeles Valiant remains unbeaten in Stage 3

Week 2, Day 2: Uprising overthrows Dynasty to begin Thursday slate

Week 2, Day 1: Gladiators sweeps Dragons to start Week 2

Week 1, Day 4: Fusion shuts down Mayhem to start Saturday

Week 1, Day 3: Gladiators bounces back with win against Fuel

Week 1, Day 2: Houston continues dominance of London; NYXL steamrolls Mayhem

Week 1, Day 1: Geguri debuts in Shanghai's loss to Dallas; LA Valiant sweeps Seoul

Power Rankings

Overwatch League Power Rankings through April 16

Overwatch League Power Rankings through April 9

OWL By the Numbers

Trying to solve the Seoul Dynasty puzzle

Videos

Overwatch League Power Rankings through April 16

Overwatch League Power Rankings through 4/9

Structure and format

12 teams, two divisions of six: Atlantic and Pacific

Matches take place Wednesday through Saturday

Four stages in the regular season; each stage is five weeks long

Each match will be four-map sets

• At the end of each stage will be a title match between the top three teams, regardless of division, for a bonus of $125,000

The No. 1 team from each division advances to the playoffs in July

The top four remaining teams between both divisions also advance to the playoffs, creating a six-team playoff bracket

All regular-season matches will take place at the Blizzard Arena Los Angeles in Burbank, California.

The teams

Boston Uprising

The Boston Uprising logo and colors. Provided by Blizzard/Overwatch League

Division: Atlantic

Owned by: The Kraft Group

Quick fact: This is the first group to buy in to the OWL

Robert Kraft, his son Jonathan, and the Kraft Group -- collectively the ownership of the New England Patriots and Revolution -- were the first buyers in the Overwatch League. Robert and Jonathan attended BlizzCon in November 2016 and watched the first Overwatch World Cup alongside Activision Blizzard CEO Bobby Kotick, who led the charge in the recruitment of the league. The Krafts were the start of a snowball to help recruit other prospective buyers, sources told ESPN. The Kraft Group acquired the Boston spot in the league, continuing to add to its New England portfolio of sports.

Boston Uprising Roster ID Name Role Striker Nam-joo Kwon Offense Mistakes Stanislav Danilov Offense DreamKazper Jonathan Sanchez Offense NotE Lucas Meissner Tank Kalios Woo-yeol Shin Tank Gamsu Yeong-jin Noh Tank Snow Mikias Yohannes Support Kellex Kristian Keller Support Neko Se-hyeon Park Support Avast Connor Prince Support

Further reading:

Sources: Robert Kraft, Fred Wilpon among six owners to buy into new esports venture Overwatch League; Blizzard announces team owners and locations for Overwatch League

Florida Mayhem

The Florida Mayhem colors and logo. Provided by Blizzard/Overwatch League

Division: Atlantic

Owned by: Misfits

Quick fact: Misfits is partnered with the Miami Heat

Founded in early 2016 by Ben Spoont and his father-in-law, Syfy channel co-founder Mitchell Rubenstein, Misfits has evolved into a well-known esports organization over the last two years. Its success in League of Legends, Overwatch and other esports titles led it to an investment and partnership with the Miami Heat in January 2017. This set the groundwork for the geolocation push with a Miami-Orlando spot in the Overwatch League.

Florida Mayhem Roster ID Name Role Sayaplayer Jung-woo Ha Offense aWesomeGuy Sung-hoon Kim Tank TviQ Kevyn Lindström Offense Logix Andreas Berghmans Offense Manneten Tim Bylund Offense/Flex CWoosH Johan Klingestedt Tank/Flex Zappis Joonas Alakurtti Flex Zebbosai Sebastian Olsson Support Zuppeh Aleksi Kuntsi Support

Further reading:

Blizzard announces team owners and locations for Overwatch League

Houston Outlaws

The Houston Outlaws colors and logos. Provided by Blizzard/Overwatch League

Division: Atlantic

Owned by: OpTic Gaming

Quick fact: A co-owner of the Texas Rangers invested in OpTic

Similar to Envy, Call of Duty powerhouse OpTic Gaming bought into the league following an investment from an energy magnate, Neil Leibman, who is a co-owner of the Texas Rangers. The team relocated to Dallas and its Overwatch team will be based in Houston when the league geolocates into multiple regions rather than its current Los Angeles-based games. The Houston slot also covers rights to Austin and San Antonio, Texas.

Houston Outlaws Roster ID Name Role Clockwork Matt Dias Offense LiNkzr Jiri Masalin Offense JAKE Jake Lyon Offense Mendokusaii Lucas Håkansson Offense ArHaN Jeong Won-yeop Offense FCTFCTN Russell Campbell Tank Muma Austin Wilmot Tank Boink Daniel Pence Support Rawkus Shane Flaherty Support Bani Christopher Benell Support/Flex coolmatt Matt Iorio Flex SPREE Alexandre Vanhomwegen Flex

Further reading:

Blizzard Entertainment locks in two more $20 million Overwatch League spots

London Spitfire

The London Spitfire logo and colors. Provided by Blizzard/Overwatch League

Division: Atlantic

Owned by: Cloud9

Quick fact: A Golden State Warriors co-owner and a Reddit co-founder invested in Cloud9 in 2017

The only European slot in the initial set of buyers was purchased by the Los Angeles-based organization Cloud9. That team is one of the longest-tenured in modern esports, having made its name in League of Legends in 2013 and expanding rapidly in other titles since. The team acquired investment in its seed round in 2017, with backers like Football Hall of Famer Joe Montana, Golden State Warriors co-owner Chamath Palihapitiya and Reddit co-founder Alexis Ohanian. The London slot expands into markets across the majority of England, something Cloud9 CEO Jack Etienne says he's excited about when looking at increasing his international foothold. Recently, C9 received even more funding from the WWE, Hunter Pence, the Beverly Hills Sports Council and more.

London Spitfire Roster ID Name Role birdring Ji-hyuk Kim Offense Profit Joon-yeong Park Offense Hooreg Dong-eun Lee Offense Gesture Jae-hee Hong Tank T1zi Jang-hyun Hwang Tank HaGoPeun Hyeon-woo Jo Support Closer Won-sik Jung Support Bdosin Choi-tae Seung Support NUS Jong-seok Kim Support Fury Jun-ho Kim Flex WOOHYAL Seung-hyun Sung Flex

Further reading: Cloud9 buys London, Kroenkes grab L.A. Overwatch League spots; Cloud9 receives $25 million in Series A funding from WWE, Hunter Pence and others

New York Excelsior

The New York Excelsior colors and logo. Provided by Blizzard/Overwatch League

Division: Atlantic

Owned by: Sterling.VC

Quick fact: Sterling.VC was the second group to buy into the OWL

Sports, media and real estate venture capitalist fund Sterling.VC was the second buyer in the league. Sterling.VC is a sister company of the New York Mets, headed by Jeff Wilpon -- the son of Mets owner Fred Wilpon -- which combines the fortune of the Wilpon family and other investors to invest in startups. It has a history in tech in particular, such as a $20 million investment in airport security company CLEAR in 2010. The company obtained the New York spot for the league and later acquired LW Blue, one of South Korea's best Overwatch teams, as its starting lineup.

New York Excelsior Roster ID Name Role Saebyeolbe Jong-yeol Park Offense Pine Do-hyun Kim Offense Libero Hye-sung Kim Offense/Flex Mek0 Tae-hong Kim Flex Janus Jun-hwa Song Tank Mano Dong-gyu Kim Tank JJoNak Sung-hyeon Bang Support ArK Yeon-joon Hong Support

Further reading:

Sources: Robert Kraft, Fred Wilpon among six owners to buy into new esports venture Overwatch League; Blizzard announces team owners and locations for Overwatch League

Philadelphia Fusion

The Philadelphia Fusion colors and logo. Provided by Blizzard/Overwatch League

Division: Atlantic

Owned by: Comcast Spectacor

Quick fact: Spectacor owns the Philadelphia Flyers

The sports arm of American telecommunications was the 11th buyer in the league. Blizzard had previously pursued the Philadelphia 76ers due to its links in esports, but ultimately got buy-in from Spectacor, the owner of the Philadelphia Flyers, Wells Fargo Arena and several other venues in the U.S. The company was initially founded by Ed Snider, the owner of the Flyers, in 1974, and was later acquired by Comcast in 1996. The league is the first esports venture for Spectacor.

Philadelphia Fusion Roster ID Name Role Carpe Jae-hyeok Lee Offense Eqo Josh Corona Offense ShaDowBurn George Gushcha Offense Fragi Joona Laine Tank SADO Su-min Kim Tank Boombox Isaac Charles Support Dayfly Jeong-hwan Park Support Joemeister Joe Gramano Support neptuNo Alberto González Support HOTBA Hong-joon Choi Flex Poko Gael Gouzerch Flex

Further reading:

Blizzard Entertainment locks in two more $20 million Overwatch League spots

Dallas Fuel

The Dallas Fuel colors and logo. Provided by Blizzard/Overwatch League

Division: Pacific

Owned by: Team Envy

Quick fact: Envy received a $35 million investment from Hersh Family Investments

Team Envy -- a long-tenured esports team with its roots in Call of Duty -- acquired the Dallas slot in the league after receiving $35 million in investment from Hersh Family Investments. Envy has housed one of the best Overwatch teams in the world since the game launched in beta in 2015 and has continued to be a dominant force throughout the game's competitive history. The organization relocated from its home in Charlotte, North Carolina, to Dallas as a result of the investment.

Dallas Fuel Roster ID Name Role aKm Dylan Bignet Offense Rascal Dong-Jun Kim Offense Taimou Timo Kettunen Offense/Flex EFFECT Hwang Hyeon Offense/Flex Seagull Brandon Larned Offense/Flex cocco Christian Jonsson Tank OGE Son Min-seok Tank uNKOE Benjamin Chevasson Support chipshajen Sebastian Widlund Support/Flex HarryHook Jonathan Tejedor Rua Support/Flex Mickie Pongphop Rattanasangchod Flex

Further reading:

Sources: Blizzard to add Team EnVyUs as Austin-Dallas Overwatch League rep

Los Angeles Gladiators

The L.A. Gladiators colors and logo. Provided by Blizzard/Overwatch League

Division: Pacific

Owned by: Kroenke Sports & Entertainment

Quick fact: Kroenke Sports & Entertainment owns the Los Angeles Rams and Denver Nuggets

Los Angeles is the only market to have two teams in the same region so far. Kroenke Sports & Entertainment, which owns the Los Angeles Rams and Denver Nuggets, and is a majority owner in Arsenal F.C., was announced to be the ninth buyer in the league, obtaining the second slot in the Southern California area. The group is owned by former real estate businessman Stan Kroenke, his wife and Wal-Mart fortune heir Ann Walton Kroenke and their son, Josh Kroenke. Stan and Josh attended BlizzCon alongside the Krafts, Etienne and Bobby Kotick and witnessed the initial announcement of the league in November 2016.

LA Gladiators Roster ID Name Role Surefour Lane Roberts Offense Asher Joon-seong Choi Offense Hydration João Pedro Goes Telles Offense silkthread Ted Wang Offense Bischu Aaron Kim Flex Void Kang Jun-woo Tank Fissure Chan-Hyung Baek Tank iReMiix Luis Galarza Figueroa Tank Shaz Jonas Suovaara Support BigG00se Benjamin Isohanni Support

Further reading: Cloud9 buys London, Kroenkes grab L.A. Overwatch League spots; Blizzard announces team owners and locations for Overwatch League

Los Angeles Valiant

The LA Valiant colors and logo. Provided by Blizzard/Overwatch League

Division: Pacific

Owned by: Immortals

Quick fact: Invested in by the Memphis Grizzlies co-owner and Lionsgate Films

Immortals is a team that has been in esports since 2015 and has continually acquired investment from well-known parties in media, tech and sports. The organization has investment from Memphis Grizzlies co-owner Stephen Kaplan, Lionsgate Films and AEG, an entertainment company that owns a number of venues -- including the Staples Center, Microsoft Theater and LA Live -- in Southern California. The team holds footholds in other games, such as Counter-Strike: Global Offensive and Smash for Wii U, and was one of the first parties interested in the Overwatch League. It acquired the first Los Angeles slot, as the fifth overall buyer in the league.

LA Valiant Roster ID Name Role GrimReality Christopher Schaefer Offense SoOn Terrence Tarlier Offense Agilities Brady Girardi Offense Bunny Chae Jun-hyeok Offense KSF Kyle Frandanisa Offense Fate Pan-seung Koo Tank numlocked Seb Barton Tank Custa Scott Kennedy Support KariV Young-seo Park Support Verbo Stefano Disalvo Support Finnsi Finnbjörn Jónasson Flex Space Indy Halpern Flex

Further reading:

Blizzard announces team owners and locations for Overwatch League

San Francisco Shock

The San Francisco Shock colors and logo. Provided by Blizzard/Overwatch League

Division: Pacific

Owned by: NRG Esports

Quick fact: Jennifer Lopez and Marshawn Lynch recently backed NRG, joining longtime investor Shaquille O'Neal

An endemic esports organization founded in 2015, NRG Esports is owned by some of the biggest names in technology and sports. The company has three common shareholders with the Sacramento Kings: former Apple executive Andy Miller, 24 Hour Fitness founder Mark Mastrov and Basketball Hall of Famer Shaquille O'Neal. Oh, and also baseball legends Alex Rodriguez and Jimmy Rollins, Jennifer Lopez, and running back Marshawn Lynch. The purchase of the San Francisco spot also includes rights to the surrounding Bay Area of Oakland and San Jose, as well as Sacramento.

San Francisco Shock Roster ID Name Role iddqd André Dahlström Offense Nevix Andreas Karlsson Offense sinatraa Jay Won Offense Architect Park Min-ho Offense babybay Andrej Francisty Offense/Flex Danteh Dante Cruz Offense/Flex nomy David Ramirez Tank Moth Grant Espe Support sleepy Nikola Andrews Support dhaK Daniel Martínez Paz Support super Matthew DeLisi Flex

Further reading:

Blizzard announces team owners and locations for Overwatch League

Seoul Dynasty

The Seoul Dynasty colors and logo. Provided by Blizzard/Overwatch League

Division: Pacific

Owned by: KSV eSports

Quick fact: Will house the current top roster in Overwatch, formerly of Lunatic-Hai

KSV Esports, short for Korean-Silicon Valley, is a conglomeration of four tech executives, three of whom launched the application development company Kabam in 2005. The group has roots in San Francisco and a history of successfully launching startups in the past decade. Led by Kevin Chou, the former CEO of Kabam, the group acquired the Seoul, South Korea, slot in the Overwatch League and later the roster from two-time Overwatch APEX champion Lunatic-Hai, historically the best roster in that region.

Seoul Dynasty Roster ID Name Role Fleta Byung-sun Kim Offense Munchkin Sang-beom Byeon Offense Wekeed Seok-woo Choi Offense Gido Gi-do Moon Offense/Flex Miro Jin-hyuk Gong Tank KuKi Dae-kuk Kim Tank Gambler Jin-woo Heo Support tobi Jin-mo Yang Support ryujehong Je-hong Ryu Support/Flex xepheR Jae-mo Koo Flex zunba Joon-hyuk Kim Flex

Further reading:

Blizzard announces team owners and locations for Overwatch League

Shanghai Dragons

The Shanghai Dragons colors and logo. Provided by Blizzard/Overwatch League

Division: Pacific

Owned by: NetEase

Quick fact: The Dragons colors, branding and logo were the first to be revealed

After pursuing a number of Chinese buyers, Blizzard Entertainment stood with what it knew. NetEase is one of the larger game development companies in China and has been a distributor for Blizzard for a number of years, relaunching World of Warcraft, StarCraft II, Heroes of the Storm, Hearthstone and Overwatch in the country. It obtained the Shanghai slot, as the only Chinese team in the initial set of buyers.

Shanghai Dragons Roster ID Name Role Diya Weida Lu Offense Ado Gi-hyeon Chon Offense Geguri Se-yeon Kim Tank Fearless Eui-seok Lee Tank Roshan Wenhao Jing Tank MG Dongjian Wu Tank Xushu Junjie Liu Tank/Flex Sky Junjian He Support Fiveking Zhaoyu Chen Support Altering Yage Cheng Support Freefeel Peixuan Xu Support

Further reading:

Blizzard announces team owners and locations for Overwatch League

Schedule

*All times listed in Eastern Time zone

Overwatch League Stage 3 Week Date Time Matchup WEEK 1 1 April 4 7 p.m. Shanghai Dragons vs. Dallas Fuel 1 April 4 9 p.m. Los Angeles Valiant vs. Seoul Dynasty 1 April 4 11 p.m. San Francisco Shock vs. Los Angeles Gladiators 1 April 5 7 p.m. Florida Mayhem vs. New York Excelsior 1 April 5 9 p.m. Philadelphia Fusion vs. Boston Uprising 1 April 5 11 p.m. London Spitfire vs. Houston Outlaws 1 April 6 7 p.m. Los Angeles Gladiators vs. Dallas Fuel 1 April 6 9 p.m. Los Angeles Valiant vs. Shanghai Dragons 1 April 6 11 p.m. Seoul Dynasty vs. San Francisco Shock 1 April 7 4 p.m. Florida Mayhem vs. Philadelphia Fusion 1 April 7 6 p.m. Houston Outlaws vs. Boston Uprising 1 April 7 8 p.m. New York Excelsior vs. London Spitfire WEEK 2 2 April 11 7 p.m. Shanghai Dragons vs. Los Angeles Gladiators 2 April 11 9 p.m. San Francisco Shock vs. Los Angeles Valiant 2 April 11 11 p.m. Dallas Fuel vs. Seoul Dynasty 2 April 12 7 p.m. Boston Uprising vs. New York Excelsior 2 April 12 9 p.m. London Spitfire vs. Florida Mayhem 2 April 12 11 p.m. Philadelphia Fusion vs. Houston Outlaws 2 April 13 7 p.m. Los Angeles Valiant vs. Dallas Fuel 2 April 13 9 p.m. San Francisco Shock vs. Shanghai Dragons 2 April 13 11 p.m. Seoul Dynasty vs. Los Angeles Gladiators 2 April 14 4 p.m. London Spitfire vs. Philadelphia Fusion 2 April 14 6 p.m. New York Excelsior vs. Houston Outlaws 2 April 14 8 p.m. Florida Mayhem vs. Boston Uprising WEEK 3 3 April 18 7 p.m. Los Angeles Gladiators vs. Los Angeles Valiant 3 April 18 9 p.m. Dallas Fuel vs. San Francisco Shock 3 April 18 11 p.m. Shanghai Dragons vs. Seoul Dynasty 3 April 19 7 p.m. Houston Outlaws vs. Florida Mayhem 3 April 19 9 p.m. Boston Uprising vs. London Spitfire 3 April 19 11 p.m. Philadelphia Fusion vs. New York Excelsior 3 April 20 7 p.m. Philadelphia Fusion vs. San Francisco Shock 3 April 20 9 p.m. Florida Mayhem vs. Shanghai Dragons 3 April 20 11 p.m. Boston Uprising vs. Seoul Dynasty 3 April 21 4 p.m. London Spitfire vs. Los Angeles Valiant 3 April 21 6 p.m. New York Excelsior vs. Los Angeles Gladiators 3 April 21 8 p.m. Houston Outlaws vs. Dallas Fuel WEEK 4 4 April 25 7 p.m. Shanghai Dragons vs. Boston Uprising 4 April 25 9 p.m. Los Angeles Valiant vs. Houston Outlaws 4 April 25 11 p.m. Dallas Fuel vs. Florida Mayhem 4 April 26 7 p.m. Los Angeles Gladiators vs. London Spitfire 4 April 26 9 p.m. San Francisco Shock vs. New York Excelsior 4 April 26 11 p.m. Seoul Dynasty vs. Philadelphia Fusion 4 April 27 7 p.m. Dallas Fuel vs. Boston Uprising 4 April 27 9 p.m. Los Angeles Gladiators vs. Houston Outlaws 4 April 27 11 p.m. Los Angeles Valiant vs. Florida Mayhem 4 April 28 4 p.m. San Francisco Shock vs. London Spitfire 4 April 28 6 p.m. Seoul Dynasty vs. New York Excelsior 4 April 28 8 p.m. Shanghai Dragons vs. Philadelphia Fusion WEEK 5 5 May 2 7 p.m. Philadelphia Fusion vs. Dallas Fuel 5 May 2 9 p.m. Florida Mayhem vs. Los Angeles Gladiators 5 May 2 11 p.m. Houston Outlaws vs. San Francisco Shock 5 May 3 7 p.m. San Francisco Shock vs. Florida Mayhem 5 May 3 9 p.m. Boston Uprising vs. Los Angeles Valiant 5 May 3 11 p.m. Dallas Fuel vs. New York Excelsior 5 May 4 7 p.m. Los Angeles Gladiators vs. Boston Uprising 5 May 4 9 p.m. New York Excelsior vs. Shanghai Dragons 5 May 4 11 p.m. London Spitfire vs. Seoul Dynasty 5 May 5 4 p.m. Shanghai Dragons vs. London Spitfire 5 May 5 6 p.m. Seoul Dynasty vs. Houston Outlaws 5 May 5 8 p.m. Los Angeles Valiant vs. Philadelphia Fusion Title Matches May 6 4 p.m. TBD vs. TBD Title Matches May 6 6 p.m. TBD vs. TBD -- Prize pool for Stage 3 is $125,000 Overwatch League Stage 4 Week Date Time Matchup WEEK 1 1 May 16 7 p.m. Los Angeles Gladiators vs. San Francisco Shock 1 May 16 9 p.m. Seoul Dynasty vs. Los Angeles Valiant 1 May 16 11 p.m. Dallas Fuel vs. Shanghai Dragons 1 May 17 7 p.m. Boston Uprising vs. Philadelphia Fusion 1 May 17 9 p.m. New York Excelsior vs. Florida Mayhem 1 May 17 11 p.m. Houston Outlaws vs. London Spitfire 1 May 18 7 p.m. Dallas Fuel vs. Los Angeles Gladiators 1 May 18 9 p.m. Boston Uprising vs. Houston Outlaws 1 May 18 11 p.m. San Francisco Shock vs. Seoul Dynasty 1 May 19 4 p.m. Philadelphia Fusion vs. Florida Mayhem 1 May 19 6 p.m. Shanghai Dragons vs. Los Angeles Valiant 1 May 19 8 p.m. London Spitfire vs. New York Excelsior WEEK 2 2 May 23 7 p.m. Boston Uprising vs. Dallas Fuel 2 May 23 9 p.m. Florida Mayhem vs. Los Angeles Valiant 2 May 23 11 p.m. Houston Outlaws vs. Los Angeles Gladiators 2 May 24 7 p.m. London Spitfire vs. San Francisco Shock 2 May 24 9 p.m. Los Angeles Gladiators vs. Florida Mayhem 2 May 24 11 p.m. Philadelphia Fusion vs. Shanghai Dragons 2 May 25 7 p.m. Los Angeles Valiant vs. Boston Uprising 2 May 25 9 p.m. New York Excelsior vs. Seoul Dynasty 2 May 25 11 p.m. San Francisco Shock vs. Houston Outlaws 2 May 26 4 p.m. Seoul Dynasty vs. London Spitfire 2 May 26 6 p.m. Shanghai Dragons vs. New York Excelsior 2 May 26 8 p.m. Dallas Fuel vs. Philadelphia Fusion WEEK 3 3 May 30 7 p.m. New York Excelsior vs. Philadelphia Fusion 3 May 30 9 p.m. Seoul Dynasty vs. Shanghai Dragons 3 May 30 11 p.m. Los Angeles Valiant vs. Los Angeles Gladiators 3 May 31 7 p.m. London Spitfire vs. Boston Uprising 3 May 31 9 p.m. San Francisco Shock vs. Dallas Fuel 3 May 31 11 p.m. Philadelphia Fusion vs. Los Angeles Gladiators 3 June 1 7 p.m. Houston Outlaws vs. Shanghai Dragons 3 June 1 9 p.m. Florida Mayhem vs. Seoul Dynasty 3 June 1 11 p.m. Boston Uprising vs. San Francisco Shock 3 June 2 4 p.m. London Spitfire vs. Dallas Fuel 3 June 2 6 p.m. New York Excelsior vs. Los Angeles Valiant 3 June 2 8 p.m. Florida Mayhem vs. Houston Outlaws WEEK 4 4 June 6 7 p.m. Seoul Dynasty vs. Boston Uprising 4 June 6 9 p.m. Shanghai Dragons vs. Florida Mayhem 4 June 6 11 p.m. Dallas Fuel vs. Houston Outlaws 4 June 7 7 p.m. Los Angeles Valiant vs. London Spitfire 4 June 7 9 p.m. Los Angeles Gladiators vs. New York Excelsior 4 June 7 11 p.m. San Francisco Shock vs. Philadelphia Fusion 4 June 8 7 p.m. Boston Uprising vs. Shanghai Dragons 4 June 8 9 p.m. Florida Mayhem vs. Dallas Fuel 4 June 8 11 p.m. Philadelphia Fusion vs. Seoul Dynasty 4 June 9 4 p.m. London Spitfire vs. Los Angeles Gladiators 4 June 9 6 p.m. New York Excelsior vs. San Francisco Shock 4 June 9 8 p.m. Houston Outlaws vs. Los Angeles Valiant WEEK 5 5 June 13 7 p.m. Los Angeles Gladiators vs. Shanghai Dragons 5 June 13 9 p.m. Los Angeles Valiant vs. San Francisco Shock 5 June 13 11 p.m. Seoul Dynasty vs. Dallas Fuel 5 June 14 7 p.m. Houston Outlaws vs. Philadelphia Fusion 5 June 14 9 p.m. Florida Mayhem vs. London Spitfire 5 June 14 11 p.m. New York Excelsior vs. Boston Uprising 5 June 15 7 p.m. Houston Outlaws vs. New York Excelsior 5 June 15 9 p.m. Los Angeles Gladiators vs. Seoul Dynasty 5 June 15 11 p.m. Dallas Fuel vs. Los Angeles Valiant 5 June 16 4 p.m. Philadelphia Fusion vs. London Spitfire 5 June 16 6 p.m. Shanghai Dragons vs. San Francisco Shock 5 June 16 8 p.m. Boston Uprising vs. Florida Mayhem Title Matches June 17 4 p.m. TBD vs. TBD Title Matches June 17 6 p.m. TBD vs. TBD -- Prize pool for Stage 4 is $125,000 Overwatch League Payout Structure Regular Season prize pool First place $300,000 Second place $200,000 Third and fourth place $150,000 Fifth and sixth place $100,000 Seventh and eighth place $75,000 Ninth and tenth place $50,000 Eleventh and twelfth place $25,000 Stage Title Match bonuses First place $100,000 Second place $25,000 Championship playoffs prize pool First place $1 million Second place $400,000 Third and fourth place $100,000 Fifth and sixth place $50,000 Overwatch League Playoffs Week Date Time Matchup WEEK 1 1 11 July TBD TBD 1 12 July TBD TBD 1 13 July TBD TBD 1 14 July TBD TBD WEEK 2 2 18 July TBD TBD 2 18 July TBD TBD 2 18 July TBD TBD 2 18 July TBD TBD 2 22 July TBD TBD

Championship weekend: July 26-28

Stage 2 Recaps and Content

Overwatch League Stage 2 Standings Team Overall Record Map Record Map Differential New York Excelsior 9-1 34-0-9 +25 London Spitfire 7-2 30-0-12 +18 Philadelphia Fusion 7-3 24-0-13 +12 Seoul Dynasty 7-3 25-0-16 +9 Los Angeles Gladiators 6-4 25-1-16 +9 Boston Uprising 6-4 21-0-22 -1 Houston Outlaws 5-5 22-0-22 0 Los Angeles Valiant 4-6 18-1-23 -5 San Francisco Shock 3-7 17-1-24 -7 Florida Mayhem 3-7 15-1-27 -12 Dallas Fuel 2-8 13-1-28 -15 Shanghai Dragons 0-10 2-1-37 -35

Recaps

Stage 2 playoffs: Fusion advances to finals in five-game thriller against Spitfire

Week 5, Day 4: Gladiators chokes away playoff chance; Fusion advances

Week 5, Day 3: Seoul, Philly hope to stay in playoff race

Week 5, Day 2: Seoul loss to Houston puts third playoff spot up for grabs

Week 6, Day 1: Philadelphia Fusion wins crucial Week 5 matchup

Week 4, Day 4: London Spitfire shake up standings, sweep Seoul Dynasty

Week 4, Day 3: Gladiators wins hotly contested match with Mayhem

Week 4, Day 2: NYXL sets stage for another No. 1 seed in stage playoffs

Week 4, Day 1: New York Excelsior, Seoul Dynasty matchup highlights start of Week 4

Week 3, Day 4: Gladiators breaks through with win over Spitfire

Week 3, Day 3: London Spitfire sweeps up-and-down Boston Uprising

Week 3, Day 2: Seoul's reign continues with win over Philly

Week 3, Day 1: Seoul beats Shanghai, improves to 5-0 in Stage 2

Week 2, Day 4: London crushes Philadelphia in statement win

Week 2, Day 3: Boston Uprising gets long-awaited victory, trounces Florida Mayhem

Week 2, Day 2: London Spitfire thrashes Florida Mayhem to start Thursday slate

Week 2, Day 1: Seoul Dynasty dashes Dallas Fuel's hopes to start Week 2

Week 1, Day 4: Carpe seizes day for surging Fusion

Week 1, Day 3: London Sptifire, NYXL go to Game 5 in rematch of Stage 1 finals

Week 1, Day 2: Houston gets revenge against London to start Day 2

Week 1, Day 1: Dynasty starts Stage 2 with statement win

Power Rankings

Overwatch League Power Rankings through March 6

Overwatch League Power Rankings through Feb. 27

Highlights

Houston, we have a problem

Overwatch League: London Spitfire vs. Philadelphia Fusion

Seoul takes on LA

Stage 1

Overwatch League Stage 1 Standings Team Overall Record Map Record Map Differential New York Excelsior 9-1 31-2-10 +21 Houston Outlaws 7-3 30-0-13 +17 London Spitfire 7-3 29-0-14 +15 Los Angeles Valiant 7-3 26-3-13 +13 Seoul Dynasty 7-3 25-1-16 +9 Boston Uprising 6-4 27-0-17 +10 Philadelphia Fusion 5-4 17-1-22 -5 Los Angeles Gladiators 4-6 16-0-26 -10 San Francisco Shock 3-7 16-2-24 -8 Dallas Fuel 3-7 14-3-25 -11 Florida Mayhem 1-8 7-1-28 -21 Shanghai Dragons 0-10 6-0-36 -30

Overwatch League Recaps

Stage 1

Stage 1 playoffs: London beats Houston, NYXL to win Stage 1

Week 5, Day 4: Houston, London join NYXL, lock in Stage 1 playoff spots

Week 5, Day 3: Seoul Dynasty eliminated from playoff picture by San Francisco Shock

Week 5, Day 2: Boston Uprising takes control of its destiny as playoffs loom

Week 5, Day 1: Valiant throws playoff picture into disarray with big win over Dynasty

Week 4, Day 4: Spitfire beats Dragons, closes out Week 4 8-0

Week 4, Day 3: San Francisco Shock blasts Florida Mayhem, Seoul Dynasty survives Houston Outlaws

Week 4, Day 2: London sweeps Seoul with Ryu "ryujehong" Je-Hong out of Dynasty's lineup

Week 4, Day 1: Valiant beats Fusion 4-0 to start Week 4

Week 3, Day 4: Uprising, Valiant win out in Week 3

Week 3, Day 3: Last unbeaten team falls as Seoul loses to New York

Week 3, Day 2: Uprising ends Spitfire's undefeated Overwatch League run

Week 3, Day 1: Spitfire remains undefeated; first Battle of LA goes down

Week 2, Day 4: Two Game 5's spice up Overwatch League on Saturday

Week 2, Day 3: Seoul Dynasty continues its dominance

Week 2, Day 2: Houston douses Dallas to open Day 2 of Week 2

Week 2, Day 1: Outlaws rocket into win column with sweep of Shanghai Dragons

Week 1, Day 4: London Spitfire dominates Philadelphia Fusion to start Day 4

Week 1, Day 3: Valiant bests Fuel, Uprising dominates Mayhem on Day 3 of OWL

Week 1, Day 2: Spitfire stumbles but tops Mayhem to start Day 2

Week 1, Day 1: Dynasty survives Fuel, Valiant tops Shock, Gladiators squashes Dragons

Overwatch League Power Rankings

Overwatch League Week 4 power rankings

Overwatch League features and video

Video: South Korea asserts its dominance in OWL Week 1

Video: Pine is the man to beat after Overwatch League Week 1

Dominate, dab, repeat: NYXL's Pine takes control of Overwatch League

Opinion: Blizzard delivers big with Overwatch League opener

Watch: Los Angeles Valiant DPS Brady "Agilities" Girardi talks fan gifts, top teams

Watch: In-Game with Stefano "Verbo" Disalvo Part 1

Watch: In-Game with Stefano "Verbo" Disalvo Part 2

Five questions heading into the Overwatch League debut

Podcast: 2018 Resolutions, launch of the Overwatch League and moreLOUISVILLE, Ky. -- Gayle Benson didn't get to see the colt named in honor of her husband almost win the Louisiana Derby.

It was Saturday, March 24, 2018, and Benson was a significant absence at the Fair Grounds Race Course that day in her hometown of New Orleans. It was a week tinged with sadness. Her husband, Tom Benson, the late owner of the NFL's Saints and NBA's Pelicans, had been laid to rest the previous day.

Editor's Picks What you should care about at the 2018 Kentucky Derby Justify's attempt to become the first horse since Apollo in 1882 to win the Kentucky Derby without having made at least one start as a 2-year-old leads the top storylines at Churchill Downs this weekend.

2018 Kentucky Derby odds With the Kentucky Derby approaching, here are the full odds for every horse. 1 Related

Twenty-four hours later, Lone Sailor thrust his head in front down the long Fair Grounds homestretch, trying valiantly to hold off Noble Indy. Lone Sailor couldn't, just missing a victory, but it was enough to get him into the Kentucky Derby starting gate.

Lone Sailor's trainer, Tom Amoss, a lifelong New Orleanian, had wanted to win the race his entire life. Winning with Lone Sailor, who was named in honor of a Navy Memorial Foundation service award Tom Benson received in 2007, would've meant the world to Amoss.

But in the quiet hours after the celebration had died down, he looked down at his phone and saw a text from Gayle Benson that made him decide second place sometimes could feel just like a win.

"I'll keep the text she sent me after the Louisiana Derby for the rest of my life. It meant a lot to me to get a text that night," Amoss said. "Obviously, she wasn't going to be at the race. It was the day after the funeral, but it meant a lot to me and it made me feel in my own little way like I had given something back to a family that had really, not only me, but the city of New Orleans, had given so much through the Saints. ...

"They're the Saints! I mean, I grew up with them, my family grew up with them, I used to go to the games with my brothers and my dad. For any New Orleanian, they were a part of our lives."

It has become clear that horse racing has suddenly and quickly become a major part of Gayle Benson's life.

Tom and Gayle Benson started GMB Racing in 2014 after enjoying trips to New York's Saratoga Race Course together. It was Gayle who nudged her husband back into the business after decades of inactivity.

Tom had sold off all his horse racing interests years earlier after his son, Robert "Bob" Benson, died of cancer in 1986. Bob had run the operation, which saw moderate success with stakes winner Si Cima in the late 1970s and early 1980s. When he died, Tom lost all interest in keeping up that part of his life, but Gayle made him remember how much fun he used to have around the track.

The Bensons have had an unprecedented amount of success since then, sending Mo Tom and Tom's Ready, two horses from their first crop of purchases, to the Kentucky Derby in 2016.

It's an astonishing amount of success for a small operation that bought its first horses at bargain prices. Just how hard is it to get into the Derby? Only 20 horses will make it to the gate on Saturday out of the 21,500 registered thoroughbreds born in 2015.

Even Colonel Edward R. Bradley, who started a record 28 horses in the Derby and won four times, took 20 years to get his first starter in the gate. By Golly, who was one of just 1,680 registered thoroughbred foals that year -- 1917 -- finished seventh.

"It's a race that can't be bought," Amoss said. "And many people have tried to buy it in the past."

What hasn't become clear is which operation ranks highest in Gayle Benson's life in the weeks since she was suddenly tasked with running two professional sports teams, in addition to a thoroughbred racing and breeding operation. Ownership transferred to her in an unprecedented time of success for the Benson sports teams.

Gayle Benson's Lone Sailor was a 29-1 Kentucky Derby long shot on Saturday morning. AP Photo/Charlie Riedel

The Saints had just come off their first playoff appearance since 2013. The Pelicans not made it to only the postseason, but they swept the Portland Trail Blazers in the first round.

As for the riding side, the operation has transformed from making a single start in 2014 to a full-fledged racing operation, in addition to a 273-acre breeding farm in Kentucky.

Somehow, Benson has committed to making it work, crisscrossing the country to watch the Pelicans continue in the postseason against the Golden State Warriors in California and New Orleans, all while keeping an eye on the horses in Kentucky. After the Pelicans' home victory over the Warriors on Friday, she was scheduled to take a plane to Louisville.

It was clear she wasn't going to miss seeing Lone Sailor this time around. Shortly after the Louisiana Derby, she placed a personal call to NBA commissioner Adam Silver to request the Pelicans play on any day but the first Saturday in May.

An NBA source confirmed that the call occurred and they would've been willing to listen to the request, but they didn't need to because the schedule already had the Pelicans playing on a Friday instead.

"I think that tells you where horse racing fits in her world. It's important," Amoss said.

Lone Sailor was a 29-1 long shot on Saturday morning, and it will be a monumental task for him to win the Kentucky Derby. But with all that has happened this year, Amoss said he wondered if it was meant to be.

"I think that fate has a lot to do with which horses make it there," he said. "As in any sport, injuries come into play, not just talent. ... And I think reflecting on all the things that made that specific horse make it all the way to the Kentucky Derby, you just kind of look at it and say, part of it has to be fate."

Although her husband is gone, it's clear Benson isn't planning on giving up the racing operation anytime soon.

"This isn't the closing chapter," Amoss said. "This is the beginning of the story for the Bensons and horse racing."By his own admission Dinesh Karthik is a restless person. Just like on the field he wants to be moving or talking. We met at the Kolkata Knight Riders team hotel in Kolkata on April 22 to talk about his captaincy of the franchise and his batting in the IPL. The previous afternoon he had hit a fluent and swift 43 to shore up Knight Riders against Kings XI Punjab, but his team lost. When he went back to his room, he watched AB de Villiers zip past Delhi Daredevils without breaking a sweat. The next day he talked about how he can only dream of playing like de Villiers. Still, he is now more assured and happy about doing things the DK way: batting, leading, and just being a busybody.

What is the best thing about being in charge of a franchise that is successful?

Responsibility. And with responsibility comes a lot of happiness if you look in the right direction: the joy of seeing a lot of young guys perform well, the joy of allowing the senior players to be their own selves. The owners and the coaches have given me absolute freedom and I've thoroughly enjoyed being part of this team till now, touch wood.

Were you surprised when the offer came?

From the team they had picked, I wasn't too surprised. Venky Mysore [Kolkata Knight Riders CEO] called me up and said that they were looking at me leading the team. I knew I would be a leader of some sort, because I am a senior pro. Maybe a vice-captain or a captain - I was expecting that at some stage. There were not many senior India players in the squad so I was expecting it.

How did you react?

I was all guns blazing. I was like, "Yes, wow!" Because it is a great opportunity for me, where I stand in my life, it is something important and [something] I would love to do.

What things were you clear about wanting when you took up the captaincy?

We had a good, long discussion, me and Venky. More than me bringing a certain way of what and how I do things, I thought it was important to hear him out in terms of what the culture at Knight Riders is. Gautam Gambhir led the franchise for seven years and he left a big legacy.

Dinesh Karthik in the IPL Team Span Matches Runs Avg SR 50s Delhi Daredevils 2008-14 56 1036 25.26 126.49 6 Mumbai Indians 2012-13 36 748 24.12 119.87 2 Gujarat Lions 2016-17 30 696 30.26 132.57 5 Kings XI Punjab 2011 14 282 25.63 128.18 1 Kolkata Knight Riders 2018* 8 235 39.16 138.23 0 Royal Challengers Bangalore 2015 16 141 12.81 120.51 0

*Stats up to May 2, 2018

There have been a few successful wicketkeeper-captains in the IPL. MS Dhoni and Adam Gilchrist are the prominent ones. What advantage do wicketkeeper-captains have?

We stand at a vantage point in the ground. We have a good view of everything - what's the batsman doing, what are the kind of fields that can be set? Off the field, it depends on the type of person you are.

Are you someone who likes forming a leadership group?

It is important to have leadership groups, but at the end of the day I need to be taking the call because I'm responsible for the team and I should know exactly what I'm doing and I believe in that.

A lot of times while being a keeper, it is very hard to run up to the bowler frequently. So I have told Robin [Uthappa, vice-captain] the kind of things I want to achieve in the death overs and he speaks to the bowler every time it's necessary. Initially I was trying to run to the bowler myself, but we were way behind the over rate and it wasn't helping. So giving responsibility to someone who you feel can share the responsibility.

"One of my strengths as a person is, I'm very easy-going. You know me by now, I'm a restless, fidgety kind of guy who is always laughing, playing and monkeying around"

Mentoring youngsters is a key element in franchise-based tournaments. We have heard you have reached out to youngsters like Shubman Gill and Shivam Mavi, the India Under-19 players, and helped them settle into the roles assigned to them. How did you go about that?

One of my strengths as a person is, I'm very easy-going. You know me by now, I'm a restless, fidgety kind of guy who is always laughing, playing and monkeying around. It is the same with the young guys - I kind of like being friends with them. At least I would like to think I give an image where they don't feel, "Oh god, he is a senior."

Youngsters like Gill and Mavi have a free-flowing spirit. It is important for me to show them the path while letting them take the right decisions. I feel they have a beautiful journey ahead of them and [it shouldn't be a case of them] trying to do things that I tell them, what I feel is better. You give them the knowledge and insight, but always allow them to take the decision. I believe in empowering people rather than advising them and forcing them in a direction which I feel is right. It is important to throw the right questions at them and they find the right answers.

Did you see AB de Villiers bat against Delhi Daredevils? What goes through your mind when you watch a performance like that?

I did watch that innings. I genuinely wish I play some day like him, but I guess it won't happen in this new, short life of mine.

Yet earlier the same afternoon, you yourself played a fluent, strokeful innings that helped your team win.

It was a typical good Dinesh Karthik innings: hitting gaps, running hard, pushing people.

Look, I've got to be happy with how I am as a cricketer. I would love to do special things and keep doing them consistently. What is important is to win matches and I should try to find a way to win matches the Dinesh Karthik way. I have always admired these great players, but I know what I am capable of and I will stick to that.

Still, you are batting with more freedom, appear more relaxed, expressing yourself more, both in the IPL and when you played for India recently.

Expression comes from confidence. I'm able to go and play freely because of the confidence I am trying to gain after every game. It is important that if I do that consistently, touch wood, then obviously things start falling in place. AB de Villiers does what he does because he is confident of whatever he is doing, he has done it over and over and over again, so he knows exactly how to play, how to set a bowler up, what are the kind of shots he could play. It comes with basically doing well. You then just repeat your skills.

By your own admission you are a restless person, who has a lot of tics and routines while batting or keeping. You usually come in to bat in high-pressure situations. Do you think you need to feel anxious to perform?

Most days I am nervous as it is. The days when I'm not, I try and keep my adrenaline up by doing some running etc. The adrenaline is very important for me when I go in to bat. That makes me tick, makes me think better. When your energy is up and running, you have a much better chance of doing well.

"I do have the skill to score a century. More important than that is the fact that I can win matches, and that is the skill that I want to master" BCCI

You have played for various franchises. Which is the best position in the batting order for you, in the mind space you are in now?

I just fit in anywhere. Why restrict myself when I feel versatility is one of my strengths. Why restrict myself to a certain number? I will try and focus on what I can do on a given day in a certain situation rather than putting a number to my batting and saying I'm comfortable here. I would much rather go out and use my brains a bit, assess the situation, and try and do the best I can with my batting.

Fourteen fifties from 140-odd innings in IPLs, but no century. You are a batsman easily capable of scoring one. You must think about it, for sure?

Everybody wants to hit a century. [However] to hit a century you have to bat in the top three - that is the best chance of getting to the landmark. I don't know a lot of No. 4s who have got a century. In most teams I have played in, people don't want me to bat in the top three, they want me to finish an innings, create impetus in the middle. Those are the kind of roles they are looking at. Yes, I would love to score a century. And I do have the skill to score a century. I believe in that. More important than that is the fact that I can win matches, and that is the skill that I want to master. If you ask me: do you want me to score a century or be a middle-order finisher - middle-order finisher every day of the week.

The year 2013 was your best in terms of runs (510), but your strike rate was hovering around the early 120s till 2016. Over the last two seasons you have increased it to the late 130s, and you average around 35. That is a significant improvement. Did you consciously work on your power game, or has it just been that you are hitting the ball much better?

It is just the way the game has changed. Before, 140 was a winning total. [Now] coaches want you to go in and smack it. Go in and express yourself and play shots with good intent throughout the innings. Does it sound like a very clich d answer?

Look, 190 is the new 140. Today, even 190 is not safe. Before, getting 40 or 42 in the first six overs was the norm. The other day Mumbai [Indians] were 0 for 2 and then they were 60 by the end of the Powerplay. The wickets are better to bat on, there is a lot more power in the game.

You don't use so much muscle, though?

I am not as powerful as [Andre] Russell. As I said, I have to find the DK way of doing things, which is run hard, find the gaps, run hard, beat the field.

And like you said, the game has evolved, bowlers have become clever and have been plugging the points batsmen pick to hit at death. What is the Karthik way of finishing?

Four overs for 40 [at the death] was unthinkable a few years ago. Now four overs 40 is unthinkable for a bowler to restrict. There is no Karthik's way or Dhoni's way, it is just about finishing the game. It is just about knowing your game, what are the shots you can play, how are the shots you can get executed on that day, on that wicket. Those are the questions you need to answer.

And how do you keep a clear mind like you did to win India the Nidahas Trophy recently?

Yes, that was clarity. That can be achieved by trying to get into the zone consistently, for which you ought to prepare and practise.

How much of your captaincy is by instinct?

Ninety-five per cent. There is not much planning you can do. It is a very fluid game. If you want to produce results on the field, the way you practise is going to give you the answers on the field.It isn't everyday that your college LAN party turns into a city's flagship gaming event, but Beachcon did just that for Long Beach, California.

Editor's Picks Traditional sports and esports collide at the NBA 2K draft When NBA commissioner Adam Silver announced the first pick of the NBA 2K draft last week, the world of esports officially crossed over into the realm of traditional sports.

2018 Halo World Championship power rankings - Splyce on top The 2018 Halo World Championship kicks off this weekend, and the top two teams will be in tight contention for the top prize. 1 Related

Beachcon is an annual gathering of all things video games. Originally founded in 2005 by students and staff from California State University, it's become a melting pot of hundreds of gaming enthusiasts from across the state and beyond. This year's Beachcon, which kicks off Saturday and Sunday at the Thunder Esports Center, marks its debut as an independent event. With attractions such as the AVGL collegiate championship, open tournaments and visits from industry professionals at Twitch Student and Los Angeles Valiant, the event is looking like a solid follow-up to last year's iteration, which boasted 2,400 attendees.

Humble beginnings

What we know today as Beachcon began in the dorms of California State University in 2005. Frank Lima, a student of the university, worked with friends and dorm managers to create something that would give CSULB's gamers an event of their own. This manifested into the A versus B LAN party, which at 50-or-so attendees, was considered successful enough to continue for years to come. The event was popular enough that in 2008, it had become a mini-convention and university tradition of sorts, signalling the name-change to Beachcon.

It was the turn of the decade however, that Beachcon truly entered the mainstream. The legacy it set inspired several of its current heads to get involved, including convention director Cat Tompkins.

"In 2013, I was a student editor for one of Long Beach's campus newspapers and at the time, I was assigned to report on Beachcon," Tompkins said. "Because of that article, I was inspired to really try and tackle on a major role with Beachcon -- however, I did not expect to end up directing it! It's really crazy to look back."

Around the same time, esports was gaining popularity across the world and Long Beach was no exception. 2014 marked Beachcon's shift toward a competitive gaming-focused approach, shedding its "Bring Your Own Computer" roots. This, alongside the introduction of console games, gave the event a new lease on life.

But the organizers didn't want to end at that. Despite Beachcon traditionally being a CSULB affair, they thought that outsiders should be able to join in the fun.

"In 2016, we started heavily inviting and marketing to other schools and campuses, and overall setting the tone for the 'community-first' vibe," Tompkins said. "It was a major shift from the event being prioritized to dorm students, to all of a sudden, inviting multiple schools and communities to come out."

From that point on, diversity was the name of the game for Beachcon. The inclusion of anime, mechanical keyboard and digital art communities in 2017 turned the event into much more than what it was started for: a meeting ground for hobbyists of all types. The reward? A record-breaking attendance of 2,400 that year.

"Beachcon for us is about creating a quality gaming and pop culture convention experience for the city of Long Beach and anyone beyond that," Tompkins said. "It's an event to bring the community together and show folks what gaming can be all about."

Community effort

For the organizers, Beachcon 2017's success was a wake-up call that the event had even more potential as an independent initiative.

"Beachcon just outgrew CSULB as a whole and became a community-run convention this year, with the intent of hopefully becoming the 'mini-E3' of Long Beach," Tompkins said. "Our staff this year is comprised of folks representing different esports/gaming communities. ... I want Beachcon to serve as a training ground for anyone to dip their feet into event planning."

Another thing Beachcon outgrew was its long-term venue, CSULB's Pointe at Walter Pyramid. While the conference center had served Beachcon well for several years, its 500-man capacity wouldn't be enough to support the event moving forward. Luckily, the newly opened, nearby Thunder Esports Center had just the right amount of space and was looking to partner up.

"It was an easy decision for our team to make," said Thunder Gaming CEO Christian Bishop. "The Beachcon team is a group of young, passionate gamers that are looking to push the envelope and throw an amazing event. This team is one of the most selfless teams I've worked with. Every dollar plus some is going back into the event."

At the same time, the goodwill the event had built up over its lifespan caught the attention of the American Video Game League, who needed a home for its April Anarchy Dota 2 and Counter Strike collegiate championship.

"We knew we wanted to partner with a college club, administration, or event, and bring our April Anarchy Grand Finals as an added value to the community experience," said AVGL founder Victor Suski. "There are many great college events across the country, but Beachcon stands out with 13 years of experience putting on a high-quality event."

Beachcon's longevity and success is a testament to just how far student-run projects can go. With how much it's grown with each installment, it wouldn't be a surprise to see the event achieve greater heights in the years to come.

When asked about Beachcon's continuous success, Tompkins said, "I definitely attribute that to the growth and support of the community, combined with our efforts to keep the event fresh and interesting. Without the community's support, we wouldn't be as big as we are today."Kolkata Knight Riders 180 for 4 (Gill 57*, Karthik 45*) beat Chennai Super Kings 177 for 5 (Dhoni 43*, Watson 36, Narine 2-20) by six wickets

play 2:40 Tait: Dropped catches cost CSK Ravindra Jadeja had dropped Shubman Gill twice in the second over

One of Kolkata Knight Riders' most valued assets is their bowling strength, particularly their spinners. Sunil Narine's mystery spin is still effective. Wristspinners Piyush Chawla and Kuldeep Yadav are widely respected. Together, they conceded 89 runs in 12 overs and took all five wickets to fall in the game's first half to limit Chennai Super Kings to 177.

In favourable chasing conditions, KKR cruised home with 14 balls to spare, on the back of Shubman Gill's maiden IPL fifty and rapid cameos from Dinesh Karthik and Narine. The result meant Sunrisers Hyderabad displaced CSK at the top of the points table.

Setting a target

While batting first on a small ground, deciding on a target can be a tough decision. At Eden Gardens before this game, a target was successfully defended only once in four games - KKR scored 200 to beat Delhi Daredevils by 71 runs. With short boundaries and the possibility of dew impacting spinners in the second innings, CSK may have felt compelled to aim at a similar score. That's how openers Faf du Plesssis and Shane Watson approached their innings.

Du Plessis hit four fours and a six in his 15-ball 27, often chipping lofted shots over the infield to capitalise on a fast outfield. He was bowled by Piyush Chawla, slogging across the line in an attempt to further increase the scoring rate.

Watson was more circumspect, picking his deliveries to attack. He struck 36 off 24 balls before mis-timing a pull to deep midwicket. Together, they played 40 balls - one third of the innings - to score 63 runs, putting CSK on course for a 200-plus score.

Another Dhoni flourish

Prior to this game, Dhoni had found his fluency and form, having scored three unbeaten fifties in eight games this season. Three quick wickets and a risk of leaving the death overs bare of batting resources forced Dhoni to retract from attacking from the outset.

He scored five runs from his first nine balls. He hit 30 off his next 11 balls, including four sixes. CSK scored 56 runs from the last five overs. Dhoni scored 39 of those.

CSK's sloppy fielding

With 177 to defend, CSK needed early wickets to stall KKR's momentum. Chris Lynn and Sunil Narine are often tasked with generating that momentum. Lynn was caught at slip, via the inside edge, in the first over. CSK then had two chances to dismiss Narine.

Ravindra Jadeja, one of CSK's best fielders, dropped both chances at mid-off, off consecutive deliveries. In the second over, Narine flat-batted a length ball to Jadeja. He pouched the ball near his midriff, but the ball burst out. Off the next ball, Jadeja dropped an overhead catch. Narine went on to score a 20-ball 32, before he was eventually caught off the bowling of Jadeja.

Leaving margin for error

KKR were in control of their chase right from the outset. When Rinku Singh was bowled in the 12th over, KKR needed 81 runs off 50 balls. Gill and Karthik stayed aggressive, punching drives on the up and pulling elegantly into the stands over square leg.

The intent was clear: not to leave the chase to the last over with several variables involved. Karthik's 18-ball 45 and Gill's 36-ball 57 ensured the penultimate over wasn't required either.Daniel Bryan tells the story of his wife, Brie, encouraging him to start to see specialists, which led to him being cleared to return to wrestle for the WWE. (2:41)

In a world full of scripted emotions, words and actions, there was one real moment -- one story -- that many fans had hoped to see for more than three years.

Editor's Picks SmackDown Live results -- Daniel Bryan returns and takes a beating after he fires Sami Zayn and Kevin Owens Daniel Bryan opened the show with a smile on his face as he announced he's clear to wrestle again ... and ended the show on a stretcher after a beating from Sami Zayn and Kevin Owens

Ronda Rousey focusing on present, moving on from past Ronda Rousey was the UFC's first women's champion and MMA's most dominant fighter. But that was in the past, and she's not interested in that anymore. Rousey is in the WWE now, doing what is making her happy.

Memorable WrestleMania matches that didn't come together until the last minute You might be panicking that a certain superstar either doesn't have a match locked in or might not have enough time to build a story, but don't worry -- some of the biggest matches in WrestleMania history came together in the weeks leading up to the show. 2 Related

The best stories in WWE often have a healthy dose of real life that are too true to be written or scripted, but even in the fantastical world of WWE, a happy ending to this particular story seemed an impossibility. But on an otherwise inconspicuous Tuesday during the heart of WrestleMania season, one of the unlikeliest stories in WWE added another chapter as Daniel Bryan announced on March 20 he was cleared to return as an in-ring competitor.

Two years after Bryan tearfully announced his retirement due to concussion-related complications, he was suddenly back. But the truth is, even though that night two years ago marked the end of Bryan's wrestling career in the minds of many within the WWE, as well as many of his die-hard fans, Bryan's quest to return never ended.

Once he was cleared, he wasted little time hopping back in the deep end. Just an hour after Bryan stood in the middle of the ring and spoke his heart out regarding the change in his status on SmackDown, Bryan was flat on his back and being placed on a stretcher following a bevy of attacks, including an apron powerbomb, at the hands of Sami Zayn and Kevin Owens.

"Part of me was so afraid in the period of time when it [was] all going down that he was going to walk and say 'forget it' and go wrestle for someone else that doesn't care, that doesn't take their health into consideration -- because that's pretty much everywhere else -- and risk his life and his health and his family and his baby and risk all of it. And it's not worth that. We take enough risk every day in what we do. Every day." Paul "Triple H" Levesque

Some fans watched in shock as Bryan, who had been physically off-limits for two years, took a series of serious-looking bumps. Paul "Triple H" Levesque, on the other hand, watched with pride and happiness for a man who continued to chase his dreams.

"There's a certain point in time when Daniel is not still cleared by us, but he's gotten clearance from his team and his people and all his things, and I'm sure he was already training and doing things," Levesque told ESPN. "Maybe not taking bumps, but training and doing the things he wanted to do to get himself back in shape just in case this did happen. So while we were making him go to additional doctors ... and running more tests and doing all these things to ensure that everything was all right, he was preparing."

While Bryan's public statements since he was cleared have been limited to a single tweet and his remarks on WWE platforms, when it comes to the saga of Bryan's last three years, Levesque watched it all play out behind the scenes. The relationship between Bryan and Levesque goes beyond the latter's role as Executive Vice President of Talent, Live Events and Creative for WWE, in part because of the role Levesque played in Bryan's most triumphant moment and what it meant to him personally.

The opening match of WrestleMania XXX, which saw Bryan and Triple H battle in one of the most memorable WrestleMania matches of the past decade, was a crucial moment on a night when the on-screen version of Bryan's lengthy underdog storyline finally reached its apex. After Bryan defeated Triple H that night in April 2014, he went on to beat Batista and Randy Orton to win the WWE world heavyweight championship in the main event, with the entirety of the capacity crowd at the Superdome chanting "Yes!" in unison.

Triple H looks back fondly at the way his match with Daniel Bryan (and the whole night in general) played out at WrestleMania XXX. Courtesy of WWE

"I put so much more pressure on myself to [lose] to somebody than I ever did to win a title because ... I just want it to be [such a big moment] for this guy," said Levesque. "Watching that story evolve over that long period of time -- from a behind-the-scenes standpoint -- being behind it with him and being like, 'Man, I know this is not the plan right this moment, but this is where we need to go.' Just seeing that feeling and getting to that moment, having that match with him and having that moment, and knowing what's coming later and being out there in that moment for him ... when you have the circumstances that all work out to make this fairy-tale moment -- it's just awesome."

Bryan thrived as one of the company's biggest faces, until neck surgery kept him out for eight months, and concussion concerns shortly after his return led doctors to refuse to clear him for a return to the ring.

There was no joy among WWE officials when Bryan's diagnosis from their doctors forced him to retire, but it was a decision they felt they had to make with the information they had at the time.

"One of the hardest things we ever have to do in our jobs is tell people that it's over," Levesque said during an interview with Peter Rosenberg on the Cheap Heat podcast.

But Bryan continued to seek outside opinions, to the point where Levesque and others were concerned that Bryan could potentially walk away from the WWE to resume his in-ring career elsewhere -- potentially even to the detriment of his own health.

play 1:21 WWE Universe chants 'Yes!' to Bryan's return Daniel Bryan says he isn't sure when his first match back will be, but the WWE Universe clearly has a positive reaction.

"Part of me was so afraid in the period of time when it [was] all going down that he was going to walk and say 'forget it' and go wrestle for someone else that doesn't care, that doesn't take their health into consideration -- because that's pretty much everywhere else," said Levesque. "And risk his life and his health and his family and his baby and risk all of it -- and it's not worth that. We take enough risk every day in what we do. Every day.

"Luckily we never got there, and luckily things worked out," he continued. "It's funny, because as Bryan was putting out things like, 'I'm going to do this if they won't let me do that,' he was already working the information. He was already getting those tests done. He was already getting that stuff done. ... Looking back on it, he was already prepping. He was prepping everything about it."

On April 8, Bryan will return to the ring in the same stadium in New Orleans in which he enjoyed his greatest triumph, serenaded by "Yes!" chants and cheers. While fans often fantasy book surprise appearances and returns, Bryan's first match back will be a moment that will allow for an almost universally positive, excited moment -- not just for Daniel Bryan, the wrestler, but for Bryan Danielson, the man. There will be concerns, and an abundance of caution, but no matter the twists and turns to come, there is undeniable joy in this moment.

"The true [stories] are always the best in some way," Levesque reflected. "Nothing is stranger than the truth. You can't write that. Nobody could. The story that he has, and what he's gone through, is unbelievable. My sincerest hope is that right now he's happy and it's all perfect -- and we want to make sure that as we turn those pages, it stays that way."ABOUT COOKIES

We use cookies to help make this website better, to improve our services and for advertising purposes. You can learn more about our use of cookies and change your browser settings in order to avoid cookies by clicking here. Otherwise, we'll assume you are OK to continue.

ContinueBBTN crew breaks down the race for the American League, with the Astros the leader in the clubhouse. (4:13)

We recently polled 29 ESPN experts to get their team predictions (division winners, wild-card winners, league championship series winners and World Series winner) for the upcoming season.

Editor's Picks 2018 MLB season preview Will the Yankees or Indians catch the Astros in the AL? Can the Dodgers hold off the Cubs and Nationals to return to the World Series? A new baseball season is here.

The breakdown of all of their picks is below, along with answers to some interesting questions that stood out from the predictions.

Click here to see our MLB awards predictions.

American League

AL East

AL Central

AL West

AL wild cards

National League

NL East

NL Central

NL West

NL wild cards

AL and NL champions

World SeriesRetiring captain Mark Knowles has bowed out a winner after the Kookaburras defeated New Zealand 2-0 to claim the Commonwealth Games gold medal.

Second-quarter goals from Aaron Kleinschmidt and Matthew Dawson gave Australia a commanding two-goal lead on Saturday before going on to win their sixth straight Games title.

The 34-year-old Knowles had a chance to score a farewell goal in the final period but fired his penalty stroke high and wide.

Australia set up the win with a dominant first half where they had six shots on target compared to one.

After a tight first quarter, the Kookaburras upped the ante in the second and opened the scoring when Kleinschmidt's 21st-minute scoop went over New Zealand goalkeeper Richard Joyce.

Dawson then doubled the advantage not long after with a trademark penalty corner flick, deflecting off a defender's stick into the back of the net.

Not even the halftime break, nor an early green card to Lachlan Sharp, could turn momentum in New Zealand's favour, with only some desperate defending preventing Australia from extending their lead.

The Kiwis pulled their keeper from the field in a bid for one final push, but simply had no answer for a Kookaburras defence that limited their opposition to just two looks at goal all night.

Knowles retires after 318 matches, including an Olympic Games gold medal in Athens, two World Cup gold medals, and a 2014 player of the year award.

He said it was the perfect way to end his career.

"It's a dream come true. They say you don't get miracles and fairytales but I think that one was. I'm just so proud of that group, the way that they played and the way they conducted themselves," he said.

"I'm relieved, firstly. It's not often your captain misses a stroke and the boys still hold on, so I say thank you to the boys for that. What a moment."Malek Jaziri beat Marin Cilic on the way to the Istanbul Open quarterfinals and he did it again today with a win against Jiri Vesely.

Jaziri beat world No. 4 Cilic in straight sets in a major upset yesterday and stormed to victory once again after beating seventh seed Vesely 3-6, 6-4, 6-1.

Taro Daniel also shocked one of the tournament's big names earlier in the tournament, beating Aljaz Bedene in the round of 16.

He will now have a spot in the semifinals after coming out the 6-2, 6-2 victor over Rogerio Dutra da Silva.

Jaziri and Daniel will be joined in the semifinals by Jeremy Chardy who came through in his game against Thomas Fabbiano today, and either Paolo Lorenzi or Laslo Dere, who are still to play.Tiger Woods birdies the last hole of his second round to put him at the current cut line of 2 over. (0:30)

CHARLOTTE, N.C. -- After two days of poor putting and mounting frustration, Tiger Woods at least had a hint of a self-deprecating sense of humor Friday when his only birdie putt of the second round dropped on his final hole.

"I'm on a hot streak now," he said.

The 13-footer that fell on the ninth green was the only putt he made outside of 6 feet during the second round of the Wells Fargo Championship. And it was the only birdie he made at Quail Hollow all day, avoiding the dubious distinction of posting just the sixth round of his professional career without one.

Perhaps more important, that putt kept him around for the weekend. Initially in danger of missing the 36-hole cut, Woods ended up safely in at 2-over 144. The cut line was 3 over Friday.

"I feel more comfortable on faster greens," Woods said after a 2-over-par 73 put him at 144, 2 over par for the tournament. "I've had ample time to make the adjustment, and I just haven't. I haven't felt comfortable hitting the putts as hard as we have to hit them this week."

Asked what he needed to do to turn it around on the greens, Woods said: "It's called work. I have to go work on it, fix it and try to get a little more hit in my stroke."

Woods wasn't kidding. After a five-hour round that ended just before 1 p.m., he headed to the practice putting green and even changed from golf shoes into a pair of sneakers -- suggesting he might be there for a while.

Tiger Woods had three bogeys and one birdie in the second round of the Wells Fargo Championship on Friday. Sam Greenwood/Getty Images

Playing with Masters champion Patrick Reed and U.S. Open champ Brooks Koepka, Woods played well enough to be within touch of the leaders. He has hit 26 of 36 greens through two rounds and ranks in the top 10 in the field in strokes gained off the tee.

But he looked awful on the greens. Woods ranked 143rd (out of 156) in strokes gained putting at minus-4.131, meaning he is giving up more than four strokes to the field on the greens.

After needing 31 putts Thursday and making three birdies, Woods took 33 on Friday with just the one birdie.

"I've hit it good enough to be right up next to that lead," he said. "If I just putt normal, I'm right there. I'm hitting it fine, and I just need to make some putts. Hopefully, this weekend I'll hit it the way I've been hitting it and get a hot putter on the weekend. You never know."

Woods avoided the 18th missed cut of his career on the PGA Tour as a pro (19th worldwide) and a third missed cut at Quail Hollow. This is the only venue where he has missed more than one -- in 2010 and 2012.

The latter missed cut was the last time Woods played here, but he can't shake the knowledge of the way the greens used to play. From 2004 to 2009, Woods played here four times, never finishing worse than 11th and picking up a victory in 2007.

Since that time, Quail Hollow underwent alterations in advance of the 2017 PGA Championship, including a different strain of grass on the greens. Although they are firm, the surfaces are not as quick as they appear, according to Woods.

"It normally happens on slower greens," he said. "I've always putted faster greens well, and slower greens I've always kind of struggled. This is no different. As I said earlier, I've had ample time to make the adjustment. I just haven't. I'm struggling with putting that much hit in my stroke to hit it that much harder. I've just got to be able to do it."

He has the weekend at Quail Hollow to sort it out.Royal Challengers Bangalore 167 for 7 (Vohra 45, Pandya 3-28) beat Mumbai Indians 153 for 7 (Pandya 50, Southee 2-25, Umesh 2-29, Siraj 2-8) by 14 runs

Virat Kohli doesn't hold his emotions back BCCI

Umesh Yadav took two wickets off consecutive deliveries with the new ball, Ishan Kishan fell for a golden duck and Royal Challengers Bangalore lost to Mumbai Indians by 46 runs. Two weeks later, Umesh was on a hat-trick with the new ball against Mumbai again, Kishan bagged another golden duck, his third in four innings, but this time Umesh's opening burst also included Rohit Sharma's first-ball duck and the Royal Challengers bowling line-up sustained the pressure throughout for once to defend 167 on their home ground and move up to fifth place after only their third win from eight matches.

The defending champions, meanwhile, are back in seventh place and need to win all their remaining six matches lest they wish to rely on other teams to help them stay in playoff contention. Rohit opted to bowl and a combined bowling show from the spinners and Hardik Pandya in the death overs was restricting Royal Challengers to under 150 until Colin de Grandhomme's 10-ball 23 lifted them in the last over. Eventually, the early loss of wickets hurt Mumbai this time and even though the Pandya brothers seemed up to the task of scoring 62 runs from the last five overs, some pin-point bowling with pace variations sealed it for the hosts.

RCB and the death overs

Virat Kohli had bowled Umesh and Yuzvendra Chahal by the 15th over yet again and the Pandya brothers had the cushion of Ben Cutting to follow in the chase. Among the quicks, only Tim Southee and Mohammed Siraj had two overs left each so Kohli decided to give the 16th to de Grandhomme. He conceded 17, and Mumbai needed 45 from 24 only to see a different story unfold this time. Siraj and Southee bowled a stirring mix of length deliveries, pace variations and wide yorkers to prevent the Pandyas from hitting down the ground. Siraj conceded only one boundary in his last two overs, Southee allowed Mumbai five little singles in the 18th over and Siraj also had Krunal caught at point for 23 to give the visitors a stiff equation of 25 from six. Hardik then hit Southee's offcutter to long-on and Cutting connected well with only two of the remaining five deliveries. Southee finished with 2 for 25 and a Man of the Match award.

Even though their bowling contingent turned the story around, the death overs stung Royal Challengers' batting line-up this time. They were 123 for 3 with Kohli on 29 and five overs to go, easily set for 175. However, Jasprit Bumrah had two overs left, and Hardik bowled offcutters and slower ones consistently to remove Mandeep Singh, Kohli and Washington Sundar in the 18th over for only two runs. Bumrah didn't get all his yorkers right but the batsman couldn't middle many either. Only one of his final 12 deliveries went to the boundary and there were five dots among them as well. So, Royal Challengers found themselves 143 for 7 with one over to go. Fortunately and decisively for them, de Grandhomme smacked three sixes off the last four balls, including a free hit, for a competitive total.

The costly Mumbai overs

Barring three expensive overs, Mumbai conceded only 101 runs in 17 overs on Tuesday night. Most of the Mumbai bowlers strangled the batsmen, not letting any of them, except de Grandhomme, finish with a strike rate of over 150. It was the remaining three overs that Royal Challengers cashed in on to hammer 66 runs.

The first of those was the fourth over, by JP Duminy. Opener Manan Vohra smacked the part-time spinner for 20 runs off the first four balls with two sixes and as many fours in the 22-run over. Duminy was probably used in the Powerplay because of a left-handed opener - Quinton de Kock - but bowled only one ball to him out of 12. The second expensive over was Hardik's after Brendon McCullum had scratched his way to nine off six balls. In the 10th over, he dispatched two full-tosses for consecutive sixes, the first of them a no-ball, and then struck the fourth legitimate delivery, a knuckleball, through the covers for four. Twenty off the over. It shot their run rate above eight an over but there was more to come, right at the end.

Mitchell McClenaghan started the last over impressively with three singles before de Grandhomme launched an offcutter over midwicket, collected two down the ground, hit a six off a no-ball and ended the innings with a free hit he smoked over long-off. Royal Challengers had gone from 146 to 167 in only three legitimate deliveries.

Mumbai's spinners stifle RCB early on

Rohit surprisingly decided to open the bowling with Duminy in a spin-heavy first nine overs and the move worked brilliantly except in that fourth over. Duminy extracted sharp turn and bounce in the first over with five dot balls and almost had Vohra caught at midwicket for 6. McClenaghan used a mix of back-of-length and slower deliveries to concede only seven in his first two overs and had de Kock caught at midwicket for a 13-ball 7. Seeing the turn on offer, Rohit bowled Krunal and Mayank Markande from overs six to nine to see them beat the bat, bowl stifling lines and concede only 24 runs, including Vohra's wicket for 45.

Mumbai were similarly shackled in the middle overs but that was down to the early wickets and even though Hardik batted before his brother for a slightly brisk fifty, he and Duminy had to do a lot of consolidation after they were 47 for 4 in the eighth over. Umesh brought two in sharply to trap Suryakumar lbw for 9 and had Rohit inside edge one next ball to de Kock diving full-length behind the stumps. Kishan was bowled by Southee in the first over.Welcome to the third and final installment of the Radical Ideas Series, in which we "fix" baseball not merely by limiting mound visits or even instituting pitch clocks but by revolutionizing the game's competitive structure with way-out-there -- yet at least vaguely plausible -- changes.

Our goal isn't (necessarily) for these ideas to land on MLB commissioner Rob Manfred's desk. Instead, they're intended to stir conversation about the state of the sport -- and what would happen if ...

In late August, the A's flew 400 miles south to play three midweek games against the Angels. The set drew some of the smallest home crowds in Anaheim last season, but still, it was a pretty good haul: More than 100,000 paying customers saw the Angels sweep the A's.

A week later, the Angels flew to Oakland. That midweek set drew crowds of 14,571, 11,110 and 10,544 -- four fewer fans combined than the Angels had drawn the previous Tuesday night. There are plenty of reasons for the difference: The hosting A's were out of postseason contention, while the hosting Angels were in a race for the wild card; the Angels draw from more than double the metropolitan area the A's do; the Angels had a more famous roster, including the best player in baseball; the Angels were more likely to win; the Angels have a more comfortable ballpark; and the Angels hadn't alienated their fans by trading many of their stars away. Lots of good reasons why three late-season games would be worth more to a huge group of Angels fans than to a smaller group of A's fans.

The Radical Ideas Series Call us crazy, but we have three not so modest proposals for revolutionizing baseball. Part I: What if every team made the playoffs? Part II: What if players were paid on commission?

We might not think of live baseball games as a scarce resource -- there seem, to be infinity of them -- but of course, they are. They're costly to produce, and there are limits on the weather, the labor, the public's attention, and so on. Major League Baseball gets to put on 2,430 games per year. If they played one of them in Kalispell, Montana, they'd sell some tickets and some happy fans would get to see it, but at the cost of selling many more tickets to many more happy fans in some larger city. So they play them in Anaheim instead.

Three baseball games between the Oakland A's and the Los Angeles Angels are worth millions of dollars. At $30 per head -- the average ticket price* at Angel Stadium -- the world has demonstrated a willingness to spend at least $3.1 million on these three games, of which about half will end up going back to the labor force.

But these three games were "worth" only about $870,000 to the world when they were held in Oakland, in September, in the middle of the week. It's not playing games in Kalispell, to be sure, but those are three games from MLB's 2,430 limited stock, shipped to a market where not that many people wanted them.

Professional sports might be the only privately owned industry in the world that ships exactly as much product to every market, regardless of how much actual demand there is for the product, and regardless of how much of the product goes unused. Baseball is, in my opinion, pretty close to a public utility, and in a decent world every person who wants baseball games should be within reasonable distance of some of them. But even public utilities are smart enough to know every metro area doesn't get exactly the same amount of anything; the Northeast needs more natural gas than Miami, and Los Angeles needs more trash pickup than Barstow. Baseball is weird like that, and I think we can fix it.

Our idea to fix it

Teams can bid for home-field advantage.

How it would work

The simplest concept is probably the best: Each team gets 81 scheduled home games a year, as they do now. But they are permitted to sell hosting privileges, for whatever price they can squeeze out of their opponents, up to -- let's say -- two weeks before the game is scheduled to be played. The Rays -- who draw 15,000 fans per game, generating roughly $350,000 in ticket sales -- might find an eager buyer in the Blue Jays, who draw 40,000 fans per game and generate a little more than $1 million in ticket sales.

Any number of variables would affect the price. The Yankees, for instance, are a very powerful draw on the road, so they would likely have to pay more to buy out another team. But they also draw huge crowds at home, at higher average ticket prices, so they'd probably be willing to pay more for home field. They'd also probably put a higher value on the competitive advantage of having home field, because they're competing for a playoff spot. If a scheduled series in Tampa Bay comes immediately after one in Toronto or Boston or at home, the Yankees might pay extra to avoid the travel; if it's in early April, when the weather is junk in the Northeast, maybe they pay a lot less. If the Yankees are out of the pennant race in August but the Rays are in the thick of it, maybe the price goes way, way up -- maybe the Rays start buying games from the Yankees. And so on. And so forth. Intrigue aplenty.

Needless to say, teams would no longer play "balanced" schedules of 81 home games and 81 road. This seems unfair, at first glance. The Yankees and Dodgers spend four times as much a year on player salaries as the Rays and A's. We passed "unfair" a long, long time ago. This might help fix it.

Two reasons it works

1. It's, well, a lot more money for the sport of baseball. A game at Wrigley Field is something like four times more valuable, economically, than a game at PNC Park in Pittsburgh, and Fenway produces six times more ticket revenue per game than Tropicana Field in St. Pete. Let's just say that the teams in the bottom third of ticket revenue sell 20 percent of their home dates, and that the teams in the top third buy 20 percent more home games. Nothing else changes, just 160 out of 2,430 games switching to fuller ballparks. If those games draw what the average game in each park draws, that's about 2.5 million more tickets sold per year, and about $165 million more ticket revenue -- just ticket revenue; concessions and parking and so on all excluded -- in the industry.

Supply and Demand Average home attendance for all 30 MLB teams in 2017: Team AVG Attendance Dodgers 46,492 Cardinals 42,572 Giants 40,786 Blue Jays 39,554 Cubs 39,501 Yankees 38,950 Angels 37,279 Rockies 36,465 Red Sox 36,021 Brewers 31,282 Nationals 31,173 Rangers 30,960 Braves 30,929 Mets 30,378 Astros 29,675 Tigers 28,662 Royals 27,412 Padres 26,401 Mariners 26,364 D-backs 26,350 Twins 25,324 Indians 25,286 Orioles 25,042 Pirates 23,697 Phillies 23,523 Reds 22,678 Marlins 20,295 White Sox 20,117 A's 18,219 Rays 15,477 Source: Baseball-Reference.com

Further, we could speculate the total gain is bigger, because the "selling" teams wouldn't actually lose many fans at all. Do Padres fans go to a May 13 game against the Cardinals because it's on May 13 against the Cardinals, or do they go because they like to go to a few games each season and that was one of the many options? If that option were gone, wouldn't they just go May 14 against the Rockies, or May 8 against the Nationals, or July 27 against the Diamondbacks? These teams might not lose much total revenue at all, while the buying teams would, truly, gain by increasing capacity.

I'm not trying to wrap this into a "baseball is dying" premise; baseball is healthy, and whether owners get a little healthier or not isn't an existential concern for the sport or for me. But more revenue means more money for players, which seems good, because they're being asked to do the work anyway and because athletes have vanishingly short windows to make their fortunes. And more fans who want to go to baseball games would be getting the chance to. A lot of those new tickets would, presumably, be sold to fans who want to go to more Cubs games but Cubs games sell out, or more Cardinals games but the good seats all sell out, or more Red Sox games but (because of scarcity) the tickets are just too expensive. When lines are too long, when popular products are sold out, when pricing is driven up by lack of supply, it's bad for customers. Like you!

2. It would give small-market teams a resource they could use to be more competitive.

Home teams in the majors win about 53.7 percent of their games. Turning a road game into a home game, then, is worth about 7 percent of a win. Teams pay a lot on the free-agent market for an expected additional win -- around $10 million these days. So, in addition to wanting home games for the revenue, richer teams would want home games for the competitive advantage.

Which is good for small-market teams, because one thing small-market teams have a lot of is home games. Just by having 81 games scheduled at home, they control the WAR equivalent of a Manny Machado. We're just freeing them up to use it however they want.

Is it shallow to treat home games as an asset to be swapped for something more valuable to the team? Is it unfair to let rich teams buy competitive advantages like this? Is it disloyal to a team's city to pare back its home schedule?

I ... am still pondering that. But we generally agree it's not shallow to treat Manny Machado as an asset to be swapped for something more valuable to the team, or to let rich teams buy competitive advantages like Manny Machado, and that (within reason) it's not disloyal to a team's city to trade away its Manny Machado. Or, if it is, it's all a fair and acceptable part of the competitive struggle.

What seems moderately unfair is to tell a small-market team, struggling against a ludicrously unbalanced financial landscape, that it isn't allowed to get the most possible value out of its few significant assets. The Reds are 7-24 this season; they were barely trying when the season began, and they'll tear down as the year goes on. They'll host the Giants on Aug. 17, 18 and 19. It'll be hot and sticky, and they'll draw 12,000 per game, make a million bucks or so. Whether they win or lose those games will be almost entirely irrelevant to their long-term strategy, their objectives for 2018, and their fans. The system is already crass and uncompetitive.

It's not unreasonable to think the Giants, if they're in a pennant race, would pay $10 million to host that three-game set and draw 120,000 fans. Could you really tell the Reds $10 million wouldn't help them get competitive sooner than hosting those three games?

Two reasons it might not work

1. Aug. 19 is Kids Fathead Wall Decal Day in Cincinnati. What are they going to do with all those wall decals?

Editor's Picks 2018 goals for all 30 teams: From getting to the World Series ... to just getting someone to care Winning isn't everything -- and that applies to nearly every MLB team this year. We define a successful season for each club based on, well, reality.

Your New Favorite Reliever Power Rankings: Eight guys to love you've never heard of There are 750 active major leaguers on any given day, and roughly 730 of them are relief pitchers (give or take). It's impossible to keep track of them all -- but here are a few worth rooting for and why.

Three wild ways baseball in 2018 is unlike ever before Duck! Pitches are flying all over, strikeouts are surging and lineups are bottoming out ... it's early, but MLB's latest evolution is taking shape. 2 Related

Truly, though, making a 2,430-game schedule is already a logistical nightmare, and this would turn everything into a logistical hellscape I'm mostly going to handwave away. But the one thing I won't handwave away, and that guarantees this probably never gets through collective bargaining, is that the travel demands -- unexpected travel, longer-than-usual travel -- would be brutal for players. We might be two or three big advances in air travel away from this idea being humane.

2. Now, we do have some precedents for this concept. In college sports, for example, nonconference games are generally scheduled by the schools themselves -- they decide who they play, where they play and how revenue is split. It leads to some crass outcomes, as I understand it, but it basically works (as I understand it). And in baseball, with lousy attendance in Montreal, the 2003 and 2004 Expos played a quarter of their games in San Juan, Puerto Rico. There were differences -- the other 29 teams owned the Expos at the time, and the Expos weren't selling home-field advantage so much as sacrificing it -- but the scheme at the very least rhymed with this one: A team whose fans weren't buying tickets found fans who would, sacrificing home-field edge to do so.

But that said: Until you see something in action, it can be hard to gauge the Yuck factor. This plan could definitely end up making us all say Yuck. I'd like to think a rebuilding team might sell a few home games, use the money to sign good players and feed their minor leaguers better lunches. But there's the very real chance instead that some, say, South Florida-based ownership group would sell all their games and spend all the money on shoes. It feels almost paternalistic to say this, but in the tanking era, it might be a bad idea to give teams more ideas about what they can sell off.

However, if we believe teams are rational actors and just want to run good businesses and make good baseball teams, this would give them another tool to use. Or to not use at all. They'd get to decide.

But why?

I have only one economic principle: If one person values something much more than another person does, there should be a way to get that thing in the hands that value it most. Any system that can't manage this is a broken system, a failed process, a waste of the store of human happiness.

I think the Rays value the Yankees' loose change more than the Yankees do. I think the Yankees want to host baseball games more than the Rays do. This idea might be a disaster in implementation, but there's a business and a league running at about 80 percent efficiency right now, costing players money, costing fans access, and costing small-market teams a valuable resource. Letting teams negotiate might be the solution.

*All average ticket figures come from this site, which is largely consistent with estimates published over the years elsewhere.Drawing up an awards nomination shortlist can be a difficult activity, something we at ESPN India experienced when drawing up the Top 20 Moments in Indian Sport during our launch.

There are so many parameters one can judge any two performances on, and comparing the two becomes tougher when they have to be ranked. We faced the same dilemma when drawing up the shortlist for the ESPN India Awards 2017, a process driven by our editorial staff.

Editor's Picks Introducing the ESPN India Awards Aizawl's fairytale win, Srikanth's incredible series of badminton matches, Mary's improbable comeback and Advani's staggering 18th world title -- all these are among the nominees for the first ESPN.in awards.

Here are five entries that did not make the shortlist, and perhaps would have, had it not been for the greater resonance of the athletes and teams that eventually did. Nonetheless, it is important to acknowledge these performances.

CA Bhavani Devi (Sportsperson of the year - female)

ESPN

There have been several trailblazers in Indian sport, but few as rare as fencer Bhavani Devi. who became the first Indian gold medallist at senior international level in the sport by winning the sabre event at the World Cup satellite tournament in Reykjavik, Iceland last May.

Bhavani, 24, has been no stranger to success, having picked up medals at the Commonwealth and U-23 levels, but the World Cup win was special in how it placed India on the fencing map. Bhavani, who trains in Livorno, Italy and is one of the elite athletes supported by the GoSports Foundation, could go on to make history if she qualifies for fencing at the 2020 Olympics in Tokyo -- fencing is not one of the 23 sporting disciplines that India has ever been represented in at the summer Games.

Read more: Sabre-rattling Bhavani Devi creates a noise in Indian fencing

Rohan Bopanna (Sportsperson of the year - male)

Bopanna won his maiden Grand Slam title at the 2017 French Open alongside Gabriela Dabrowski. AP Photo/David Vincent

Almost seven years after his previous Grand Slam doubles final, at the US Open in 2010 with Pakistan's Aisam-ul-Haq Qureshi, Bopanna became the fourth Indian to win a Grand Slam title at the French Open in 2017.

Bopanna teamed up with Canada's Gabriela Dabrowski to win the mixed doubles title in a super tie-break, joining Mahesh Bhupathi, Leander Paes and Sania Mirza as Grand Slam title-holders from India. Through the year, he also took on the mantle of senior player in India's Davis Cup team under captain Bhupathi, helping them beat Uzbekistan to get out of the Asia-Oceania zone and into a World Group playoff away to Canada. Teaming up with Purav Raja, Bopanna took the seasoned Daniel Nestor and the big-serving Vasek Pospisil to four sets before going down in a crucial doubles rubber in a 3-2 defeat to the hosts.

Read more: 'Coffee man' Bopanna puts Melbourne heartbreak behind

Kanchanmala Pande (Differently-Abled athlete of the year)

Hector Vivas/Getty Images

Pande became the first Indian to win gold at the World Para Swimming Championship by clinching top spot at the 200m medley event in the S-11 category (one of three visual impairment classes that specifically indicates low visual ability) in Mexico in December 2017.

Pande, who is also supported by the GoSports Foundation, was the lone Indian woman swimmer at the World Championships, and secured qualification in all the categories with her performance at the IDM Para Swimming Championship in Berlin in July. She picked up 200m individual medley silver in Berlin, besides making the qualification mark in freestyle, backstroke and breaststroke. In Mexico, she narrowly missed out on a podium finish in the 100m freestyle, and also had the fifth-fastest timings in both 100m breaststroke and backstroke.

Sachin (Emerging Player of the Year)

Sachin (in yellow and red). Genesis BM

The most expensive purchase among teenagers at the Pro Kabaddi League (PKL), 18-year-old Sachin was a critical component behind the run of debutants Gujarat Fortunegiants all the way to the final of the 2017 season.

Sachin picked up 173 points in the 24 matches he featured in, and his 159 raid points made him the tenth-highest scorer among raiders for the season. His 14 tackle points underscored his utility for the Gujarat team, whose four defeats in the regular league season were fewest among all 12 teams. Leading into a year when the Indian team will be in action at the Asian Games, Sachin's performances make him a player worth tracking for the future.

Read more: Pro Kabaddi League Week 3 - Unstoppable Gujarat, chants of 'Sachin, Sachin'

Indian women's basketball team (Team of the Year)

The Indian women's basketball team Arjun Kalra/ESPN

Fuelled by the relentless work rate of forwards Jeena Skaria and Grima Merlin, the Indian team rode on US-based point guard Kavita Akula and the tall frame of Poonam Chaturvedi to keep a perfect 5-0 record at the FIBA Women's Asia Cup in Bengaluru in July 2017, winning the 'B' division title at the biennial event.

India were grouped with Uzbekistan and Sri Lanka in the group stages -- American Samoa had also qualified but withdrew -- and ran out comfortable winners to set up a quarterfinal clash with Fiji, which they duly won 93-51. Beating Lebanon 79-69 set up a final against Kazakhstan, and India trailed their opponents for the first two quarters, before making up lost ground in the last to run out 75-73 winners, clinching their place in the top division for the 2019 Asia Cup.

Read more: Thrilling Asia Cup triumph can help India dream higher

Where Djokovic once trained, basketball now holds court

Walking tall: The curious tale of India's 6'11" centre

India's Jeena Skaria makes the right leapRajon Rondo loves competing against Draymond Green and wants to show him that the Pelicans aren't pushovers. (0:30)

The 2018 playoffs are going strong! We've got you covered from the first round all the way through the NBA Finals.

Key dates: 2018 NBA playoffs

April 14: First round begins | Round 1 recap

April 28: Conference semis begin | | Tickets on Vivid Seats

May 15-16: Conference finals begin (possible move up to May 13-14)

May 31: NBA Finals begin

Best of the postseason

East semis (Cavs lead, 2-0) GAME DATE MATCHUP TIME (ET) TV Game 1 Tue., May 1 Cleveland 113, Toronto 112 (OT) Game 2 Thu., May 3 Cleveland 128, Toronto 110 Game 3 Sat., May 5 Toronto at Cleveland 8:30 p.m. ABC Game 4 Mon., May 7 Toronto at Cleveland 8:30 p.m. TNT Game 5* Wed., May 9 Cleveland at Toronto TBD TNT Game 6* Fri., May 11 Toronto at Cleveland TBD ESPN Game 7* Sun., May 13 Cleveland at Toronto TBD TBD * if necessary

East semis (Celtics Lead, 2-0) GAME DATE MATCHUP TIME (ET) TV Game 1 Mon., April 30 Boston 117, Philadelphia 101 Game 2 Thu., May 3 Boston 108, Philadelphia 103 Game 3 Sat., May 5 Boston at Philadelphia 5 p.m. ESPN Game 4 Mon., May 7 Boston at Philadelphia 6 p.m. TNT Game 5* Wed., May 9 Philadelphia at Boston TBD TNT Game 6* Fri., May 11 Boston at Philadelphia TBD ESPN Game 7* Sun., May 13 Philadelphia at Boston TBD TBD * if necessary

West semis (Rockets Lead, 2-1) GAME DATE MATCHUP TIME (ET) TV Game 1 Sun. April 29 Houston 110, Utah 96 Game 2 Wed. May 2 Utah 116, Houston 108 Game 3 Fri. May 4 Houston 113, Utah 92 Game 4 Sun. May 6 Houston at Utah 8 p.m. TNT Game 5 Tue. May 8 Utah at Houston 8 p.m. TNT Game 6* Thu. May 10 Houston at Utah TBD ESPN Game 7* Mon. May 14 Utah at Houston TBD TNT * if necessaryFor 16 years, Samoa Joe made himself one of the biggest names in the world of professional wrestling without ever setting foot inside a WWE ring. He garnered a level of attention that few outside the company could've ever hoped for in the 2000s, and yet, Joe spent two decades having his tremendous matches in TNA and Ring of Honor rather than the WWE.

As time rolled along and opinions and approaches within the WWE changed, Samoa Joe finally got a chance. He still had to fight his way up through NXT and Joe ultimately tore it up there as well, becoming the first-ever two-time NXT champion while building tremendous rivalries with Finn Balor and Shinsuke Nakamura. When he made it to Raw, Samoa Joe immediately got involved with Seth Rollins, and then went on to be involved in two of the best matches Brock Lesnar has had during his current WWE run.

Editor's Picks Styles-Nakamura headlines Backlash, WWE's third major show in a month Despite Backlash standing as WWE's third major show in less than a month, which has worn on wrestlers and fans alike, matches like AJ Styles-Shinsuke Nakamura and Roman Reigns-Samoa Joe offer a look into the future of SmackDown and Raw.

SmackDown Live results - A lackluster go-home show ahead of Backlash Outside of The Miz doing what he does best on the mic, nothing truly moved the needle on SmackDown Live and failed to bring any additional excitement to Sunday's Backlash pay-per-view.

A look ahead to WrestleMania 35 With WrestleMania 34 and the Superstar Shakeup now in the rearview mirror, the WWE on ESPN staff projects which matches will highlight the show when the WWE returns to MetLife Stadium on April 7, 2019. 2 Related

Though injuries and circumstances beyond his control have ultimately kept him off the WrestleMania card over the past two years, Samoa Joe has cashed in on most of the big opportunities he's been given. After wrapping up a year's worth of hostilities with Roman Reigns on Sunday at Backlash, Samoa Joe is excited for his move to SmackDown.

"My expectations of the WWE before I entered the company [compared to] now, I think those expectations and those preconceptions are vastly different," said Joe to ESPN.com. "For the majority of my career I worked everywhere but the WWE. You come into contact with people who had worked there formerly and people that work there currently, and you kind of base your ideas on what it's like there off of their experiences -- what they share with you.

"At the same time, I've always been a firm believer in [that]... I judge and I deal with people, companies, based on our business -- and honestly the WWE has been extremely professional in all my dealings with me, astonishingly so."

Even though Joe was out of commission for a few months at the start of 2018, he remained busy with another major step forward in his life and career with his biggest voice-acting role to date.

After lending his voice to the Game of Thrones: A Telltale Games Series and Dota 2, Samoa Joe took on the role of Predaking in Transformers: Power of the Primes. Joining a cast of heavy hitters that includes Mark Hamill, Ron Perlman, Jaime King, Wil Wheaton and Judd Nelson, among many others, Samoa Joe slipped naturally into a role that he was seemingly destined to play.

"I grew up watching Transformers," he said. "I think it was one of the first cartoons that I started watching as a kid. It was awesome. I would set my clock every morning before I went to school. It was a big part of my childhood.

Samoa Joe on his Transformers role "I play Predaking -- what happens when all the Predacons, which are these vicious animal robots that combine together," said Joe. "Predaking's basically this character who -- without giving away any spoilers -- he's on a hunt and he's looking to find his prey by any means necessary. He's a very violent individual, he's a very vicious individual, and when the producers were kind of looking around and wondering who to cast that role, I think my name was on of the forefront."

"It was easy to throw myself in the character, it was fun," Joe continued. "As a child, I think everybody imitates their favorite cartoon character in some form or another when they're playing. To find themselves as a grown adult -- getting that chance and having it actually become part of that cartoon is a real cool thing."

Transformers: Power of the Primes, which debuted on Tuesday on go90 and tumblr, allowed Joe to channel the most villainous elements of his character while embracing passions from his past. He'll have a similar opportunity after Sunday once he settles into his new home on SmackDown Live, with familiar faces and new opponents alike.

"Shinsuke Nakamura, Randy Orton, Rusev -- these matches that I think a lot of people would have wanted to see over the past five or six years, and now that I'm on SmackDown those matches have a real possibility of happening. I'm excited about it. A lot of fresh faces, a lot of new opponents, and a lot of good fights to pick, so I'm looking forward to doing it."

The most exciting possibilities, both from Samoa Joe's perspective and for fans who've followed his career, lie with two opponents who helped define his career. There's Daniel Bryan, who had three legendary Ring of Honor world championship matches with Joe and hasn't been in the ring with him in nearly a decade, and there's one more name that stands out further still. A man with whom Samoa Joe built a legacy that carried both men to greatness.

Samoa Joe has expanded his career out of the WWE by adding voice-over work for the new Transformers series to his resume. Courtesy WWE

That would be AJ Styles, who just so happens to be WWE champion right now.

"I think at this point it's beyond potential, and it's something that's gonna happen," Joe said on Tuesday morning. Hours later, he'd confront Styles for the first time on SmackDown TV. "People talk about the Kevin Owens/Sami Zayn relationship and how they'll be fighting forever, but in reality when it comes to me and AJ Styles, I defy anybody to find two guys who have been battling against each other longer than us."

To put it into perspective, Styles and Joe have been in the ring together in matches in at least 29 different states (plus Puerto Rico) and seven different countries. Along with Christopher Daniels, Styles and Samoa Joe had the only 5-star rated match in the history of TNA Wrestling in 2005, and each helped carry that company through their contributions to the X-Division and as world champions.

There's a mutual respect that exists between the two men, who have each pushed each other to some of the best matches of their careers.

"AJ, his moniker speaks for itself. He's a phenomenal athlete, he's been a fantastic champion and a superstar for WWE," said Joe. "A lot of the wider WWE universe hasn't been able to experience what Samoa Joe-AJ Styles is, and if there's one thing that we've always known about each other it's that whenever we get in the ring, things get a little bit more intense. There's just a little bit extra 'oomph' with everything that happens. That rivalry was started over a decade ago, and rest assured it will continue in WWE."

From their first few matches in late 2003, it was clear that Joe and AJ had something special together. No one could've predicted it would still be going 15 years later, but like a lot of the most memorable and iconic stories in pro wrestling, it couldn't be manufactured.

"Obviously, it's nothing you really plan for and I think that a lot of guys who work in the industry know this too," said Joe. "If you find type of success and critical acclaim, usually that comes with finding these opponents who you just mesh with -- and when you guys get into a ring it all clicks and it makes for some epic encounters.

"Rarely do you find that guy or predetermine that person, it's more as you get along in your career, you start working in different places and around the country and maybe even around the world, you find that natural rival," Joe said. "You find that person that whenever you guys get in the ring it's fantastic --and AJ is one of those guys. He's one of those guys in my career that consistently, wherever I went, wherever I traveled, I saw AJ Styles. He was right there with me. [If] I went in and I found success, AJ Styles found success there."

Aside from a dark match for Ring of Honor in which they teamed up in mid-2015, Samoa Joe and AJ Styles haven't faced off since 2013. After nearly five years away, Styles once again stands as the one man standing in the way of Samoa Joe being the top guy. Whether they hop right into it after Backlash, or there's more to be done with Nakamura (for either Styles or Joe), there's nowhere else that Samoa Joe would rather be.

"I think that's another hallmark of what that great rival is," Joe said. "No matter where you go and as you succeed in your career, you're going to look across that locker room and you're going to see them sitting right there next to you. It starts out [with being] natural rivals and then it builds into something greater than that.

"I think that is the best way to describe the process of finding that grand rival, is that it happens naturally. Its almost Darwinistic in nature. All the bad opponents, you'll see them start to drop off shows. As you continue to ascend in your career, then what's left -- the cream of the crop, and the guys that you know are worthy opponents."ABOUT COOKIES

We use cookies to help make this website better, to improve our services and for advertising purposes. You can learn more about our use of cookies and change your browser settings in order to avoid cookies by clicking here. Otherwise, we'll assume you are OK to continue.

ContinueR Ashwin had seen something in the pitch at the Holkar Stadium that suggested there was going to be assistance for spin. Axar Patel had returned to the team as the third spinner. He made this even more clear through an aggressive tactic designed to keep Mumbai Indians from bowling as few overs of spin as possible.

The way to do that to Mumbai is by making sure Krunal Pandya doesn't bowl often. He had come into the match having conceded 24 from four overs in his previous game, at the Chinnaswamy Stadium in Bengaluru. He ended up bowling only one over on the night as the presence of Chris Gayle, then Yuvraj Singh, then a promoted Axar Patel - all left-handed batsmen - kept Rohit Sharma apprehensive about using left-arm spin.

"They had a legspinner [Mayank Markande] from Punjab," Ashwin said at the post-match conference of the decisions to have Yuvraj at No. 3 and Axar at No. 5. "Yuvi [Yuvraj] is from Punjab. And they had Krunal, so we thought we'd take advantage of that."

It was an evening where Rohit's bowling choices were dictated by the batting team. Only in their two games against Sunrisers Hyderabad had Mumbai Indians previously bowled Jasprit Bumrah for more than an over in the Powerplay this season, before Friday.

Against the destructive opening pair of KL Rahul and Gayle, it was a ploy - along with the decision to bowl three of Mitchell McClenaghan's overs in the Powerplay - to make an early breakthrough and expose a fragile middle order. But even when the opening eventually came, Rohit couldn't bring on his trusted left-armer. When he did come on, in the 13th over, he was slogged for six first ball.

"The team's always ahead of the individual. So when the situation suits me, I bowl, and someone else doesn't," Krunal said. "Today two left-handers were batting at the same time - Gayle and Yuvraj - so the situation wasn't there for a left-arm spinner to bowl. It happens. Sometimes you get to bowl, sometimes you don't. Eventually what matters is that the team wins. So I'm happy because that was my first priority."

Jasprit Bumrah appeals BCCI

Krunal is Mumbai's most economical bowler after Bumrah this season and was going at 7.04 in eight matches prior to Friday. He has also chipped in with some game-changing wickets in games against Chennai Super Kings, RCB and Delhi Daredevils. Mumbai bowled only five overs of spin against Kings XI. In comparison, Kings XI would bowl five in the first eight overs. On a pitch Ashwin described as "sticky", the plan to restrict the overs of spin played seemed to have worked. However, Yuvraj and Axar, even if they kept Krunal out, combined to make only 27 runs off 26 balls between them.

"The wicket was a little sticky at the start. We thought that getting more than 180 would be a good score but we lost wickets in the middle overs after setting it up nicely. The finish wasn't ideal," Ashwin said. "That has been the only problem; our middle order hasn't fired. Guys like Aaron Finch haven't fired yet. But that could change soon.

"We have a lot of firepower in the batting but it's not like we can go all the time and score 200-220. It can happen that the opposition has good bowlers. They had Bumrah who bowled really well today. And it's possible that he was the difference today because he bowled well both in the Powerplay and at the end. So it was a case of our middle-order not firing."

The consequences were severe. Through yet another solid innings from Suryakumar Yadav, Mumbai had set themselves up to get about two runs per ball in the last five overs. In that phase, they had their two best batsmen at the crease: Rohit, who has made 100 off 49 in the death overs this season, and Krunal himself, who has made 100 off 60 in that phase. In the space of a single over in the chase, Krunal made 24 runs that swiftly put an end to Kings XI's resistance.

"We restricted them nicely. The pitch wasn't so bad. It was a batting wicket that was a little on the slower side and not so flat. It was slow but the ground was so small that it got compensated. So we thought 175 is a chaseable total on this ground because the last time we played here, we chased down 196 [199] in 14-15 [15.3] overs," Krunal said.

"In the last match I had the same opportunity to close off the game against RCB. We needed about the same in the last five overs and I couldn't deliver at the time for the team. So I was a little more motivated this time. It was good to complete the job."Mumbai Indians 176 for 4 (Suryakumar 57, Krunal 31*, Rohit 24*) beat Kings XI Punjab 174 for 6 (Gayle 50, Stoinis 29*, Bumrah 1-19) by six wickets

Mumbai Indians are on a cliff edge, but not yet weak enough to be pushed off just yet. Rohit Sharma and Krunal Pandya's unbeaten 56-run stand off 21 deliveries helped them chase down 175 with an over to spare, after Kings XI Punjab had the upper hand for the most part of the game.

Needing 50 off four overs, Ashwin threw the ball to Afghanistan spinner Mujeeb Ur Rahman, who had picked up two wickets and caused Mumbai's batsmen much trouble. Rohit responded by hitting him for two sixes. The floodgates truly opened when Marcus Stoinis missed his lengths in the next over as Krunal got stuck in to take 20. This brought the target within touching distance, with four leg byes off a missed heave sealing Mumbai's third win in nine matches.

The Gayle-Rahul party continues

Mumbai had a plan for Chris Gayle: to hit hard lengths, target his rib cage, and not give him anything full or wide in his hitting arc. Gayle had scored one off eight balls as a result. His fluency was missing and KL Rahul, who began with a sparkling inside-out six over extra cover off Mitchell McClenaghan, was denied strike. But by hitting Hardik Pandya for three fours in the fourth over, Gayle caught up to get Kings XI going again. His hoist of McClenaghan for a 92-metre six that cleared the roofs at deep square-leg marked his arrival.

Kings XI had averaged 59 in the Powerplay coming into this game. They were slower today - 49 for 0 - but the openers eventually brought up their fifth fifty-plus partnership of the season. They were soon separated, though, when Rahul picked out JP Duminy at deep midwicket off Mayank Markande's half-tracker in the seventh over.

Yuvraj continues to struggle

Yuvraj's Smart Strike Rate of 40.32 was the poorest among 51 batsmen who have faced at least 50 balls this season. He started slowly again after being promoted to No. 3, making just five off his first nine balls. Yuvraj then smacked Krunal for six over deep midwicket, but that was the only highlight of another rusty effort as he was run out after a second mix-up with Karun Nair. Yuvraj's efforts: a run-a-ball 14, taking his season's tally to 34 in six innings. The move to drop Manoj Tiwary after just one game looking even more baffling.

Mumbai's poor finish

Jasprit Bumrah was superb in the Powerplay, and superb in the death; his figures of 4-0-19-1 were his best so far this season. But Mumbai still did not get the finish they wanted. After restricting Kings XI to 135 for 5, they conceded 39 off the last three overs. Two nights ago in Bengaluru, their final over, bowled by McClenaghan, went for 24. Here, Marcus Stoinis scored 21 off the last over, from Hardik. Stoinis finished with 29 off 15 and Kings XI had momentum, even though they may have been 20 runs short.

Kings XI use spin upfront

While Mumbai bowled only five overs of spin, Kings XI bowled those many in the first eight overs. R Ashwin, who kept Evin Lewis and Ishan Kishan quiet, bowled three. Then Mujeeb struck with his fourth delivery in the sixth over, when Lewis nicked a skidder to Rahul. Ashwin eventually bowled out by the 11th over, with Mumbai needing 99 off 54. Suryakumar Yadav scored a quick half-century even as a watchful Kishan, trying to overcome a slump of three ducks in five innings, played himself in. When it got to a point where they had to go, Suryakumar fell to an ugly hoick.

Rohit's batting position

Yuvraj batting at No. 3 and Axar Patel at No. 5 weren't the only surprises of the night. Mumbai played Hardik at No. 4 ahead of Rohit, who had smashed 118 off 43 against Sri Lanka in his previous T20I in Indore. On Friday, Rohit came in at No. 5 after Kishan fell, with Mumbai needing 75 off 42.

Hardik's 13-ball 23 ensured Mumbai kept up with the asking rate, but his dismissal brought Krunal to the crease. And then Kings XI lost their lengths. Stoinis, playing in place of Aaron Finch, bowled three slower length balls and a full toss to concede three fours and a six in the 17th over, as Krunal used the depth of the crease on a true surface and found the leg-side boundary. He finished on 31 off 12 balls, Rohit on 24 off 15, and Mumbai had six points, same as the three teams below them in the league.Picking up the fifth-year option on 2015 first-round draft picks is a big decision for NFL teams. Do you guarantee millions of dollars toward the 2019 season or do you let a first-round pick, in whom you’ve invested time and money, hit free agency? Here’s a closer look at those decisions and what that player has to do to earn a second contract with his current team.

Click the link after each team to view the full post.

AFC East | AFC North| AFC South | AFC West

NFC East | NFC North | NFC South | NFC West

AFC East

The Bills had no first-round pick in 2015, trading it to Cleveland in 2014 to move up to draft Sammy Watkins.

WR DeVante Parker

Why his contract was picked up: Parker has not met expectations since being selected 14th overall, but there is still hope that he can blossom into a No. 1 receiver after the trade of Jarvis Landry this offseason. Parker's $9.4 million salary in 2019 is guaranteed only for injury until the start of the next league year, so the Dolphins can still decide not to pick up Parker's option -- as long as he is healthy -- if he does not improve in 2018.

What he needs to do to get a second contract: Take advantage of a jumbled Dolphins depth chart at receiver and take the lead in replacing the production of Landry -- 112 catches for 987 yards and nine touchdowns last season. At 6-foot-3, Parker has a chance to stand out over a group of smaller receivers in Danny Amendola, Albert Wilson and Jakeem Grant. He also can benefit with the return of quarterback Ryan Tannehill from an injury last season.

LB Stephone Anthony

Why his contract wasn't picked up: Anthony showed promise as a rookie after being selected 31st overall by the Saints in 2015, leading all rookies in tackles with 112. However, he has made just 30 tackles since then, and New Orleans dealt him to Miami for a fifth-rounder last year. He played in eight games last season with Miami, with much of his time coming on special teams and on obvious passing downs. His production didn't show he's worth the $9.6 million that he would have received with the option.

What he needs to do to get a second contract: With Lawrence Timmons gone, there is an opportunity to earn playing time at outside linebacker in 2018, but Anthony also will have to beat out rookie Jerome Baker, a third-round pick. If Anthony can bounce back to the form he showed as a rookie, he could boost his value significantly. -- Mike Rodak

DT Danny Shelton

Why his contract wasn’t picked up: The fifth-year option was worth $7.1 million, and nose tackles who come off the field in passing situations generally don't make that type of money.

What he needs to do to get a second contract: Shelton should get a second contract, it just might not be at that financial level. If he shows he can be a valuable pocket pusher in passing situations, the value of his contract will rise.

WR Phillip Dorsett

Why his contract wasn’t picked up: Dorsett was acquired in a trade with the Colts for Jacoby Brissett and while his smarts and speed give him a chance to possibly carve out a larger role in 2018, the Patriots weren't going to commit a fifth-year option north of $9 million for him.

What he needs to do to get a second contract: Dorsett has value on a team's roster as a depth option, so he should get a second contract; but at this point, it would be at a much lower financial level than $9 million.

DT Malcom Brown

Why his contract wasn’t picked up: This is similar to the Patriots' thinking with Danny Shelton, as the fifth-year option was worth $7.1 million and nose tackles who come off the field in passing situations generally don't make that type of money.

What he needs to do to get a second contract: Brown has shown a knack to penetrate and rush the passer at times, and expanding that part of his game would help him land his next contract at a nice salary. -- Mike Reiss

DE Leonard Williams

Why his contract was picked up: Quite simply, he’s one of the best players on the team. Even though his sack total dropped to two last season, Williams -- drafted sixth overall in 2015 -- is part of the team’s foundation. He has plenty of talent, and he does everything the right way, on and off the field.

What he needs to do to get a second contract: Play like he did in 2016, when he had seven sacks and made the Pro Bowl as an injury replacement. The Jets have every intention of signing him to a long-term deal, but they probably will wait until after the season. One concern: The defensive line is rebuilding with young players, which means Williams could see an inordinate amount of double-teams. That could affect his stats, which in turn, will have an effect at the bargaining table. -- Rich Cimini

AFC North

WR Breshad Perriman

Why his contract wasn’t picked up: Perriman ranks as one of the biggest busts in the franchise’s 23-year history. He struggles catching the ball, can’t stay healthy and doesn’t play as fast as his 4.24 speed in the 40-yard dash. In 27 games, Perriman has managed 43 catches for 576 yards and three touchdowns.

What he needs to do to get a second contract: Perriman might not even make it to the preseason, much less get a second contract. He is due a $649,485 bonus on the third day of Baltimore’s training camp, and the Ravens could decide to cut him before paying him that. It seems like Baltimore already has prepared to move forward without Perriman, after signing three wide receivers in free agency: Michael Crabtree, John Brown and Willie Snead. -- Jamison Hensley

OT Cedric Ogbuehi

Why his contract wasn’t picked up: Ogbuehi was supposed to be the heir apparent to left tackle Andrew Whitworth, but he barely even saw the field until his second season, when he struggled at right tackle. Ogbuehi said left tackle was his natural position, but he struggled there too, and the writing was on the wall when the Bengals traded for Bills left tackle Cordy Glenn this spring. Ogbuehi will now go into OTAs as a backup.

What he needs to do to get a second contract: Ogbuehi would have to either find a way to move inside or beat out Jake Fisher as starting right tackle and make a significant improvement. If he doesn't, he'll likely be a free agent in 2019. -- Katherine Terrell

FS Damarious Randall

Why his contract was picked up: The Browns needed a safety to roam the middle of the field and allow Jabrill Peppers to play in his more natural spot closer to the line. They made Randall that player when they acquired him from Green Bay in March. Randall needed a fresh start and will get one roaming the deep middle for defensive coordinator Gregg Williams. (Note: Neither of the Browns' two first-round picks from 2015 are with the team; Cam Erving is in Kansas City, Danny Shelton in New England.)

What he needs to do to get a second contract: Play the position that he says is his natural one with savvy and smarts. Williams asks his free safety to roam the deep middle; if Randall protects against balls going over his head and comes up with some turnovers, the Browns will be happy to give him a new deal after 2019. -- Pat McManamon

OLB Bud Dupree

Why his contract was picked up: The Steelers believe Dupree is an ascending player despite totaling 14.5 sacks over three years. He has played through various injuries. And he was explosive when utilizing his high-level size and speed. General manager Kevin Colbert tipped his hand in March by saying that Dupree was "just scratching the surface" of his potential.

What he needs to do to get a second contract: Put together a complete season. Dupree can look dominant one game and simply blend in the next. Staying healthy and contending for a season of double-digit sacks would quell any concerns about Pittsburgh investing long term. Creating a few more turnovers wouldn't hurt, either. Dupree has one forced fumble and zero interceptions. -- Jeremy Fowler

AFC South

CB Kevin Johnson

Why his contract was picked up: The Texans are hoping Johnson’s struggles over the past two seasons have been because of injuries and that he can turn it around with a healthy 2018. The Texans had inconsistency at cornerback last season, and they hope Johnson’s $9.06 million fifth-year option provides them some depth at the position.

What he needs to do to get a second contract: Johnson has to stay healthy and have a much better season than he did in 2017. The Texans’ top three corners are Johnathan Joseph, Aaron Colvin and Kareem Jackson. Jackson is in the final year of a four-year deal, and Joseph has one more year after next season, so the Texans could bring Johnson back on a team-friendly deal if they do not re-sign Jackson and they see enough from Johnson that they believe he’s worth investing in. -- Sarah Barshop

The Colts traded 2015 first-round pick Phillip Dorsett to the Patriots in 2017.

DE Dante Fowler Jr.

Why his contract wasn’t picked up: Fowler isn’t a dynamic pass-rusher and has started just one game in the past two seasons. He missed his rookie season with a torn ACL and since then has been behind 2016 third-round pick Yannick Ngakoue on the depth chart. Fowler has 12 sacks and 21 quarterback hits in his two seasons, as compared to Ngakoue’s 20 and 37. That doesn’t warrant a $14.2 million salary.

What he needs to do to get a second contract: The Jaguars do view Fowler as an ascending player, but he’s going to have to put up double-digit sacks and get more consistent pressure on the quarterback in 2018. To do that, he needs to add another pass-rush move, because he’s limited in what he does. His two sacks in the AFC title game show he can make big plays when it counts, but he can't disappear for long stretches. -- Michael DiRocco

QB Marcus Mariota

Why his contract was picked up: This was an easy decision for Titans general manager Jon Robinson, who believes that Mariota is a franchise QB and one who can eventually lead them to a Super Bowl. Mariota's numbers were bad last season under an inflexible offense, but he still led the Titans to their first playoff win since 2003. Mariota still has plenty to prove, but there wasn't much of a consideration of declining the option.

What he needs to do to get a second contract: First, play better than last season and make sure the Titans don't take a step back as a team. If Mariota has a successful Year 4 (say, 3,500-plus total yards, 25-plus total TDs and 12 or fewer interceptions) under new Titans offensive coordinator Matt LaFleur, the 24-year-old signal-caller will likely receive a nine-figure contract extension next offseason. -- Cameron Wolfe

AFC West

OLB Shane Ray

Why his contract wasn’t picked up: The biggest reason stands 6-foot-4¼ and weighs about 268 pounds. When the Broncos used the No. 5 pick of this year's draft on Bradley Chubb, the dynamic changed in the Broncos’ defense. Chubb, unless things don’t go as expected, will start at outside linebacker; and the Broncos will simply want to see more production from Ray.

What he needs to do to get a second contract: Get to the quarterback. After a frustrating 2017 that featured three wrist surgeries and just one sack, Ray can now essentially bet on himself and put up the numbers as he goes into free agency next March poised for a payday. And if the Broncos like what they see, they can still write the check. -- Jeff Legwold

OT Cam Erving

Why his contract wasn’t picked up: With Eric Fisher and Mitchell Schwartz solid as the starters, Erving will be the Chiefs’ third tackle this year. Picking up his fifth-year option at more than $9 million wouldn’t make sense for a backup. Erving was acquired in a trade with the Browns shortly before the start of last season.

What he needs to do to get a second contract: It’s not out of the question that the Chiefs will try to re-sign Erving. They like his skills and potential, and he won’t turn 26 until August. But it won’t be at a steep cost, unless an injury to Fisher or Schwartz provides an opening for Erving and he proves deserving. -- Adam Teicher

RB Melvin Gordon

Why his contract was picked up: After a rough start, the Wisconsin product proved his worth, totaling 1,581 yards from scrimmage (No. 5 in the NFL) and 12 total touchdowns in 2017. Only Todd Gurley and Ezekiel Elliott (25) have more touchdowns than Gordon’s 24 total touchdowns in the past two seasons, as Gordon emerged as a focal part of the Chargers’ offense.

What he needs to do to get a second contract: Gordon still has two years left on his rookie contract. If he puts together a season in 2018 similar to last year's production, the Chargers could look to sign him to a multiyear deal that keeps him with the organization during the offseason in 2019. -- Eric D. Williams

WR Amari Cooper

Why his contract was picked up: Simple, as coach Jon Gruden said: Cooper will “be the focal point of our pass offense” in 2018. “He’s got tremendous quickness,” Gruden said. “I think he’s smart, he’s versatile, he’s a gamer, he likes the bright lights and he’ll be the headliner in our offense.” The No. 4 overall pick of the 2015 draft is just the third player in league history with at least 70 catches and at least 1,000 receiving yards in each of his first two seasons in the NFL.

What he needs to do to get a second contract: Prove that last season’s regression to 48 catches for 680 yards was a fluke and improve on his drop rate. Still, Cooper did have a career-best seven TD catches in 2017, and the Raiders expect the arrival of veteran Jordy Nelson to have a calming influence on him. “He had a lot of injuries last year, and that impacted him,” Gruden said. -- Paul Gutierrez

NFC East

DB Byron Jones

Why his contract was picked up: There wasn’t a reason to not pick it up. It’s guaranteed only for injury, and Jones has not missed a game in his career. He has started 43 of 48 games in his first three seasons, and he spent the past two seasons as a starting safety. The Cowboys want more takeaways, but he is a dependable player.

What he needs to do to get a second contract: He has two interceptions and two forced fumbles in his career. He has to make more plays on the ball. The move to cornerback under new defensive backs coach/passing game coordinator Kris Richard should give him that chance. If he can make the big plays for the defense, then the Cowboys would want to make him a cornerstone piece to the defense for the long term. -- Todd Archer

OT Ereck Flowers

Why his contract wasn’t picked up: He simply did not play well his first three years. The Giants paid Nate Solder $65 million just to make sure Flowers wasn't their left tackle this season. Flowers also isn't especially popular in the offensive line room and within the building, especially after deciding not to attend this season's voluntary offseason workouts.

What he needs to do to get a second contract: Mend some fences and play significantly better. The Giants are trying to clean up the locker room, and Flowers has to prove he's on board with the new regime. Then he needs to show he can be a competent right tackle, where he is expected to compete for a starting job, rather than a liability to quarterback Eli Manning's well-being. -- Jordan Raanan

WR Nelson Agholor

Why his contract was picked up: He found his footing this past season after a slow start to his career, catching 62 balls for 768 yards with eight touchdowns for the Super Bowl champion Eagles. The former Southern California star took over as the team's slot receiver when Jordan Matthews was traded to the Bills. The role proved to be a perfect fit for his skill set, and he took off.

What he needs to do to get a second contract: Agholor fought past the confidence issues that held him back in 2016 and took a big step toward reaching his potential. As long as the arrow continues to point up, he'll get paid. -- Tim McManus

RG Brandon Scherff

Why his contract was picked up: Because he has lived up to being the fifth overall pick, having made two Pro Bowls already. He has established himself as one of the best guards after only three seasons, with his ability to block in space yet play with power.

What he needs to do to get a second contract: Stay healthy and just do what he has been doing. It's really that simple. One reason the Redskins didn't want to pay Kirk Cousins more than $22 million to $23 million a year is to allow them to extend the contracts of players such as Scherff. He'll be a mainstay in Washington for a long time. -- John Keim

NFC North

WR Kevin White

Why his contract wasn’t picked up: White has appeared in just five career regular-season games because of multiple leg and shoulder injuries. Even when healthy, White -- the seventh overall pick of the 2015 draft -- hasn’t looked overly impressive. The 25-year-old wideout only has 21 career receptions for 193 yards and zero touchdowns.

What he needs to do to get a second contract: Play a full, 16-game schedule. White’s main problem -- aside from always being on injured reserve -- is that he never learned how to run professional routes in college. White’s primary responsibility at West Virginia was to beat the defender in front of him by any means necessary. That really doesn’t work in the NFL. White’s limited route tree has been compounded by the fact that he’s rarely on the field. How can he learn to run routes the proper way if he’s not physically able to run routes? For White, the key to a possible comeback is to stay healthy. -- Jeff Dickerson

The Lions' first-round pick in 2015, offensive lineman Laken Tomlinson, was traded to San Francisco in August for a fifth-round pick in 2019.

The Packers traded their 2015 first-round pick, Damarious Randall, to the Browns in the DeShone Kizer deal in March.

CB Trae Waynes

Why his contract was picked up: Waynes played a big role in the league’s second-best pass defense, which allowed 192.4 yards per game last season, and he has only gotten better as he has continued to develop under coach Mike Zimmer’s tutelage. When teams decided not to throw toward Xavier Rhodes, that meant Waynes was going to be put to the test often. According to Pro Football Focus, opposing quarterbacks threw 102 times in Waynes’ direction, and he allowed only three touchdowns and made 11 pass deflections and two interceptions. The Vikings' secondary is loaded from top to bottom, and along the lines of Zimmer’s philosophy on cornerbacks, a team can never have too many. Picking up Waynes’ fifth-year option keeps that group intact through at least 2019.

What he needs to do to get a second contract: The type of improvement Waynes showed in Year 3 might foreshadow another level he’s about to take his game to in 2018. He has earned his reputation as one of the best run-stopping corners in the league. If he can become a better coverage corner, like Rhodes, there’s a chance Waynes could command big money in free agency in two years and choose to sign with a team other than the Vikings. -- Courtney Cronin

NFC South

DE Vic Beasley

Why his contract was picked up: The Falcons obviously have a lot of faith in Beasley, the former eighth overall pick out of Clemson. He led the league with 15.5 sacks in 2016 and showed the knack for the sack-fumble. Beasley’s speed and overall athleticism can overwhelm those trying to block him.

What he needs to do to get a second contract: Beasley wasn’t nearly as dominant last season, for several reasons. First, he had a nagging hamstring injury that led to some missed time. Then he was asked to take on more responsibilities, playing strongside linebacker and dropping in coverage. But Beasley will line up strictly at defensive end moving forward. So to secure a lucrative, long-term deal, he simply needs to get after quarterbacks in the same manner he did during his Pro Bowl season. And Beasley needs to turn sacks into turnovers with those sack-fumbles. -- Vaughn McClure

LB Shaq Thompson

Why his contract was picked up: This was a no-brainer. Thompson is the heir apparent to Thomas Davis at outside linebacker. He'll replace Davis in the first four games this season while Davis serves a four-game suspension. But Thompson has proved to have the speed and versatility to rush the quarterback, be effective against the run and drop into coverage.

What he needs to do to get a second contract: Just progress as he has the past two seasons and this also will be a no-brainer. -- David Newton

G Andrus Peat

Why his contract was picked up: The former Stanford left tackle has developed into a Pro Bowl-caliber left guard for one of the NFL’s best offensive lines. His career got off to a slow start when he struggled with his conditioning as a rookie, and the Saints tried him out at several different positions. But the massive 6-foot-7, 316-pounder has steadily improved each year, and he gives the team added value as a backup left tackle when needed.

What he needs to do to get a second contract: More of the same. The Saints have a ton invested in their offensive line, so in theory, they might not be able to keep re-signing everyone. But they made those investments by design, which led to them leading the NFL in both yards per rush and yards per pass attempt in 2017. And the 24-year-old Peat is first in line for the next contract extension. -- Mike Triplett

QB Jameis Winston

Why his contract was picked up: This was fully expected, and he will be getting a second contract that will top more than $20 million annually. It's simply par for the course for a quarterback picked first overall who, two seasons ago, led the Bucs to a 9-7 finish.

What he needs to do to get a second contract: He took a few steps back last year when he suffered a shoulder injury that had an impact throughout the 2017 season, and he'll want to cut down on turnovers -- he has 59 in 45 games -- to evoke more confidence from fans that the Bucs are making the right move. -- Jenna Laine

NFC West

LT D.J. Humphries

Why his contract was picked up: Aside from quarterback, Humphries plays the most valuable position in football: left tackle. He might have durability concerns, but he’s still a living, breathing, healthy (for now) and talented left tackle, and teams would have to be out of their minds to not keep those around for as long as possible -- especially on a rookie contract.

What he needs to do to get a second contract: Stay healthy. If Humphries stays healthy, he’s all but guaranteed to get a second deal from Arizona because of the reasons listed above. He’s athletic and quick, and he likes to talk about how he loves to block the run. But the biggest difference in Humphries getting a second deal is how he focused himself and shed the reputation for being immature. He grew up, and it’s paying dividends. -- Josh Weinfuss

RB Todd Gurley

Why his contract was picked up: Aside from star defensive tackle Aaron Donald, Gurley is the best player on the team. He struggled behind a bad offensive line and an anemic passing attack in 2016, but he bounced back brilliantly in 2017, leading the NFL in scrimmage yards (2,093) and touchdowns (19) while on his way to winning the NFL Offensive Player of the Year Award. Gurley has emerged as one of the most complete running backs in the league.

What he needs to do to get a second contract: Be patient. The Rams have other, more pressing business to handle with Donald and wide receiver Brandin Cooks on track to be unrestricted free agents next offseason. They also need to get a better sense for the running back market, which won’t happen until Le'Veon Bell gets a deal. Gurley is worthy of a big extension on talent alone, but are the Rams willing to commit so much long-term cap space to a running back? Most of this is out of Gurley's control.

CB Marcus Peters

Why his contract was picked up: Peters leads the NFL with 19 interceptions in the past three seasons. The Rams gave up a future second-round pick to acquire him from the Chiefs this offseason because they see him as more than a one-year rental.

What he needs to do to get a second contract: Behave. Peters has a history of being a problem in the locker room, from getting dismissed by the University of Washington to being handed a one-game suspension by Chiefs coach Andy Reid this past season. But if he stays in line and plays the way he is capable, the Rams would certainly be interested in a long-term commitment. -- Alden Gonzalez

DL Arik Armstead

Why his contract was picked up: Given Armstead's injury history and lack of production, it was a bit of a surprise that the Niners picked up his option. They also know they could find themselves in a worse spot next offseason, when they'd have to use a tag on him to ensure he doesn't hit the open market if he plays well in 2018.

What he needs to do get a second contract: Armstead is moving to the "big end" spot, which would seem to be a better fit for his skill set than his previous positions. If he can stay healthy and stop the run while offering occasional pass-rush help, he could be in the long-term plans.

G Laken Tomlinson

Why his option wasn't picked up: Simply put, the cost of the fifth-year option outweighs his production. The fifth-year formula doesn't separate positions on the offensive line, meaning Tomlinson is lumped in with tackles and centers, as well, which means his fifth-year option price tag would approach $10 million.

What he needs to do to get a second contract: Tomlinson didn't join the Niners until just before last season, and he struggled adjusting to their scheme early before a strong finish. With a full offseason at his disposal, the 49ers believe he can improve, and general manager John Lynch already has said discussions have begun to retain Tomlinson at a more palatable price tag. -- Nick Wagoner

The Seahawks didn't have a first-round pick in 2015 after trading it to New Orleans for tight end Jimmy Graham.India coach Sjoerd Marijne talks about the draw against Pakistan, what went wrong and how the team needs to improve.

ABOUT COOKIES

We use cookies to help make this website better, to improve our services and for advertising purposes. You can learn more about our use of cookies and change your browser settings in order to avoid cookies by clicking here. Otherwise, we'll assume you are OK to continue.

ContinueInsider

Should the Indiana Pacers sign Myles Turner to a new deal? Will they keep their surprise roster together?

Now eliminated from the postseason, let's look ahead to the free agency, draft and trade decisions facing Indiana this offseason.

More summer focus: Click here for every team so farWorld No. 1 tennis player and self-proclaimed Real Madrid fan, Rafael Nadal, raised eyebrows by donning the colours of rivals Atletico Madrid. (0:14)

Atletico Madrid coach Diego Simeone hopes his side's Europa League semifinal victory over Arsenal will help establish their new Wanda Metropolitano stadium as a fortress.

Atletico beat the Gunners 1-0 on Thursday to reach the final, where they will play Marseille, 2-1 on aggregate.

Having left their old Vicente Calderon home last summer, Simeone believes that is a sign of good things to come.

"Stories are born from this type of match, the stadiums begin to have their strength from important triumphs," Simeone, who watched from the directors' box after being sent to the stands in the first leg, said.

"From where I had to watch, I could feel what the fans feel. It is an extraordinary stadium. This is the first page of history we'll write in the Wanda Metropolitano. We are happy."

Simeone will also view the final from the stands as he continues to serve his touchline ban, having complained to officials following Sime Vrsaljko's early red card at the Emirates Stadium.

Assistant German Burgos oversaw matters from the bench in his absence, and Simeone said: "The game was very well handled.

"I had a bad time, obviously, sad, because I feel comfortable [in the dugout], but German was there and we do not have to look to understand what needs to be done."

Marseille reached the final thanks to an extra-time goal from substitute Jorge Rolando in Austria which earned a 3-2 aggregate win over Salzburg.

Looking ahead to the match, Simeone said: "We've taken a huge step and hopefully winning the Europa League is the next step.

"Marseille are a complicated and fast team. It will surely be a great final."With 22 goals in 31 games for Nice this season, the ESPN FC panel debate whether a move may be on the cards for Mario Balotelli. (1:17)

Mario Balotelli said he would like to return to Italy this summer but said there is "no chance" he would make a second return to AC Milan.

Balotelli spent parts of two seasons at Milan after a move from Manchester City in January 2013 before signing with Liverpool, then was sent back to the Serie A club on loan in summer 2015 after falling out with both Brendan Rodgers and Jurgen Klopp.

He joined Nice on a free transfer prior to the 2015-16 season and, after he signed a one-year deal to return this season, the club have accepted the striker will leave this summer.

"There are many teams in Italy that follow me, [but] I can say that Milan is not among these clubs," Balotelli told Calciomercato.

"I would like to return to an Italian club, [but] Milan, it is not possible."

Balotelli, who began his career at Inter Milan, has made a combined 63 appearances for Nice in all competitions the last two seasons. After scoring 17 goals in all competitions in 2015-16, he has scored 23 goals this term, including a 59th-minute penalty in the 1-1 draw against Strasbourg on Saturday.

Nice's Mario Balotelli VALERY HACHE/AFP/Getty Images

His form caught the eye of interim Italy coach Luigi Di Biagio, who considered Balotelli for a possible call-up for the first time since the 2014 World Cup for the March friendlies against Argentina and England before electing against doing so.

"I almost certain that I will not stay [at Nice beyond this season]," Balotelli said. "I am still not sure, but it is most likely that it will be my last season here."

Balotelli's agent, Mino Raiola, said in March that the striker would be returning to either the Premier League or Serie A next summer and valued him at €100 million -- "but he's available on a free, so he's a bargain," Raiola said.Welcome 2018! This will be another busy and exciting year in the world of sports -- with the football World Cup in Russia promising to be the icing on the cake. Also on the calendar are the multi-sport Commonwealth Games and Asian Games. Here's what to look out for and when.

January

Ron Gaunt / BCCI / SPORTZPICS

Cricket: January 5-9: India vs South Africa, 1st Test

Football: January 6-7 FA Cup 3rd round

Cricket: January 13-17: India vs South Africa, 2nd Test

Tennis: January 15-28: Australian Open

Cricket: January 24-28: India vs South Africa, 3rd Test

Football: January 27-28: FA Cup fourth round

Badminton: January 30-February 4 India Open

February

Neymar CHRISTOPHE SIMON/AFP/Getty Images

Cricket: February 1-24: India vs South Africa, ODI and T20 series

Football: Champions League and Europa League resumes

March

ANDY BUCHANAN/AFP/Getty Images

Tennis: March 5-18: Indian Wells (ATP 1000)

Cricket: March 8-20: Nidahas Trophy (India-SL-BD Tri-series)

Badminton: March 14-18 All England Open

Tennis: March 19-26: Miami Open (ATP 1000)

April

PTI

April 4-15: Commonwealth Games

Hockey: May 13-20: Women's Asian Champions Trophy (Korea)

Tennis: April 14-22: Monte-Carlo Masters (ATP 1000)

May

Sergio Ramos of Real Madrid lifts The Champions League trophy after the UEFA Champions League Final between Juventus and Real Madrid. Matthias Hangst/Getty Images

Tennis: May 4-13: Madrid Open (ATP 1000)

Football: May 6: El Clasico (Week 36, La Liga)

Tennis: May 14-20 Italian Open (ATP 1000)

Football: May 16: UEL Final

Football: May 19: FA Cup Final

Football: May 26: UCL Final

Tennis: May 27-June 10: French Open

NBA: May 31-June 17: NBA finals

June

World Cup Sergei Savostyanov\TASS via Getty Images

Football: June 14: Russia vs Saudi Arabia (WC 2018, first match)

July

Adam Pretty/Getty Images

Tennis: July 2-15: Wimbledon

Badminton: July 3-8 Indonesia Open

Football: July 15: World Cup Final

Hockey: July 21-August 5: Women's World Cup (London)

August

Neeraj Chopra. DIBYANGSHU SARKAR/AFP/Getty Images

Cricket: August 1-5: England v India, first Test

Tennis: August 6-12: Canadian Open (ATP 1000)

Cricket: August 9-13: England v India, second Test

Tennis: August 13-19: Cincinnati Masters (ATP 1000)

August 18-September 2: Asian Games

Cricket: August 18-22: England v India, third Test

Tennis: August 27-September 9: US Open

Cricket: August 30-September 3: England v India, fourth Test

Shooting: August 31-September 18 World Championships (Korea)

September

EPA/CLAUS FISKER

Badminton: September 4-9 Hyderabad Open

Cricket: September 7-11: England v India, fifth Test

Badminton: September 18-23: China Open

October

Clive Brunskill/Getty Images

Hockey: Oct 1- 15: Men's Asian Champions Trophy (venue TBA)

Tennis: October 7-15: Shanghai Masters (ATP 1000)

Tennis: October 29-November 4: Paris Masters (ATP 1000)

November

Hockey India

Hockey: Nov 28 - Dec 16: Men's World Cup (Bhubaneswar)Will Arsenal's next manager be able to take the current crop of players to new heights or is a complete overhaul on the way for the Gunners? (4:15)

Seeing Laurent Koscielny being carried off on a stretcher with his face in tears added more gloom to Arsenal's loss to Atletico Madrid on Thursday.

What was already a sad ending to Arsene Wenger's reign as Arsenal manager was made even more depressing by the fact that Koscielny is now set to miss the World Cup with a torn Achilles tendon.

But Arsenal have precious little time to feel sorry for themselves or the centre-back, who has been the lynchpin of Arsenal's defence since his arrival in 2010. His long-term injury now means the club must double their efforts to revamp their backline this summer.

Shoring up the Gunners' defensive frailties and adding at least two new pieces to the back four was already the No. 1 priority for whoever comes in to replace Wenger as manager. But that newcomer will now be without perhaps the one piece he thought he could rely on at the start of his reign.

Koscielny has been far from perfect this season as mistakes have crept into his game, but when fully fit, he is still Arsenal's best defender. However, if Wenger's preliminary diagnosis of a torn Achilles tendon is confirmed, he should be sidelined until well past his 33rd birthday in September. And who knows how well that troublesome Achilles -- which has been a chronic problem for him in recent years -- will hold up after his recovery.

It all means that Wenger's successor can no longer count on Koscielny to be a big part of his plans -- which leaves him with a severe shortage of experienced centre-backs. Per Mertesacker is retiring this summer, while Shkodran Mustafi's future has been the source of speculation after an inconsistent campaign.

But without Koscielny and Mertesacker, the 26-year-old Mustafi is the only centre-back in the Arsenal squad who is older than 23. The others are Calum Chambers (23), Rob Holding (22) and Konstantinos Mavropanos (20).

The good news is that Chambers looks to have come of age in Arsenal's last two games, following up an excellent performance at Old Trafford by being arguably his team's best player against Atletico after replacing Koscielny. Mavropanos, meanwhile, impressed mightily at Manchester United in his first game since joining January but it's still unclear whether he's ready to be a regular starter next season. Holding's development has stalled somewhat this season after falling behind Chambers in the pecking order, so while he remains a promising talent for the future, he's probably not the player Arsenal need in the present.

Arsenal need to upgrade at centre-back as Shkodran Mustafi has been a disappointment. Photo by Eric Verhoeven/Soccrates/Getty Images

Wenger himself has said centre-backs don't start to reach their prime until 23, so it would be a major gamble to enter the next Premier League campaign relying on so much youth at the back. Especially if they don't have the luxury of playing alongside an experienced leader such as Koscielny. The France international has hardly been an on-field general like a John Terry or Vincent Kompany but at least he provides a sense of calm and stability to the players around him.

The same can't be said for Mustafi, meaning the need to find a veteran defender this summer is now greater than ever.

So far, though, the only centre-back Arsenal have been seriously linked with is Freiburg's Caglar Soyuncu, a 21-year-old Turkey international who no doubt is very talented but also must be seen as a work in progress.

It all makes West Brom's Jonny Evans suddenly seem like an even more appealing target, especially as he could be available for just £3 million if the Baggies get relegated. The 30-year-old Evans was heavily linked with a January move to the Gunners, even though Wenger has traditionally shied away from signing players that old.

Evans would not be the ideal solution, but Arsenal may be reluctant to spend the kind of money that one of Europe's top centre-backs would command -- especially after blowing £35m on Mustafi two summers ago.

The Northern Ireland international has plenty of appeal, though, as someone who learned his trade under Alex Ferguson at Man United and has played more than 200 Premier League games to date. He would give Arsenal a ready-made starter who would also help the talented crop of youngsters in Chambers, Mavropanos and Holding grow into the players the club are hoping they will become.

However, Evans might not be the type of signing that new recruitment head Sven Mislintat will go for, with the German seemingly intent on uncovering more unknown prospects. That's certainly the right approach in general for a club like Arsenal -- and what Mislintat was brought in for -- but Koscielny's injury has put them in a position where they have to find a finished product (or two) this summer.

Arsenal's defensive struggles have gone on for too long, and the new manager will largely be judged on how quickly he manages to sort them out. That will depend in part on how Arsenal go about replacing Koscielny.Getty Images

Seventeen-year-old Jeakson Singh has scored many goals in his playing career but few would be replayed and reviewed as much as the header he struck on Monday night at the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium in Delhi. The header he struck off a corner for India against Colombia in the Under-17 World Cup made him a part of history - the first time an Indian has scored at any FIFA world event. It was also an entirely serendipitous moment.

Jeakson wasn't even supposed to be in that position next to the near post when Sanjeev Stalin shaped up to take the corner. "We had practiced headers many times before," he told reporters prior to a training session on Tuesday. It had usually been defender Anwar Ali who stood at that mark. It was a split-second decision to switch things around against Colombia.

"Pehle practice kiya hua tha. Par hamne position change kiya tha (We had practiced before, but changed positions in the last second). Initially I was supposed to go to the second post and Ali was supposed to go to the first post. But he said that he would go to the second post and that I should go to the first post," Jeakson recalls.

The next few seconds are now iconic for Indian football. "I got then the feeling that the ball would be coming to me. I was being marked so I ran forward and the ball also came perfectly. So I jumped and scored," he says.

The magnitude of what he had done struck him almost immediately. "Yeh ek history hai. (This was history. But then immediately we saw the ball go the other way and we were very upset," he says of the subsequent counter that sealed a 2-1 win for Colombia. That bittersweet feeling endured for the rest of the evening. "On the one side, everyone was congratulating me and on the other side I was disappointed that we were not able to get the result we wanted."

Despite the loss, Jeakson had proved his worth. It was the ultimate response to those who had doubted him. There had been many. He had been let go from the national Elite Academy in Goa back in 2014 after it was felt he was not progressing as well as he should.

Maja Hitij - FIFA/FIFA via Getty Images

His stint at the Minerva football academy had been crucial to turning things around. The key he says was being given additional responsibility that forced him to learn quickly. "Bahut kuch change kiya(I have changed a lot)," he says of how he improved at the club. "In the past, (when he was in the Academy) there was no one to explain what role I had to play in my position. When I was in the Chandigarh Football Academy (CFA) we are taught basic training. After I joined Minerva, I played along with the senior team, I talked to them. I learned from them how to play. What I am supposed to do in the midfield? What to do what not to do. I changed my game then," he says.

He credits Minerva owner Ranjit Bajaj for giving him the opportunity to improve. "He is an owner but he treats us like brothers. He gave a lot of opportunities because he believed I can go far. They used to make us play with the seniors. I got a lot of competition playing in the Durand Cup and DSK Cup. After we won the (U-16) I League, I got a chance to play the national team and was selected."

But while he might have made the Indian team on the basis of his work in the midfield, it will be his prowess at the short corner that as truly made him the hero of Indian football. He isn't thinking about that just yet though. "I know it is historic but my life hasn't changed any way in 24 hours," he says.

He insists he is focused solely on the last remaining India game. "Accha perform karenge sabhi. Fight karenge positively. (Everyone will perform well and will fight positively) We won't make the same mistake we made against Colombia."CHARLOTTE, N.C. -- Patrick Reed's Masters victory came into focus for him more than a week earlier when he had his eyes checked and learned he needed contact lenses to see long distances.

Reed, who won his first major title at Augusta National last month by a shot over Rickie Fowler, was prescribed the lenses by an optometrist just 10 days prior to the first round when he was at home in Houston.

He explained how it came together Wednesday after playing his pro-am round at the Wells Fargo Championship, where he begins play at Quail Hollow on Thursday.

Sitting in his kitchen at home, Reed realized with the help of his wife, Justine, and his in-laws, that he was not seeing as well as he should.

"We have a pretty big TV in the den and kind of flipped through the channels and I cannot read the guide,'' Reed said. "I'm just moving slowly. Justine goes, 'You can't read that?'''

And from there it went, with Reed realizing everyone else could see fine what he could not.

"My father-in-law's like, 'maybe that's the reason we haven't been making any putts for a year,''' Reed said.

After getting the prescription and putting the contacts in, Reed said, "All of a sudden, I'm just looking out like, 'Wow, I can see everything,''' he said. "Now I'm not having to ask Kessler [his caddie] where that ball goes. All the time I'm like, 'Kes, where'd it go?' He's like, 'You didn't see that?' Now all of a sudden I can read greens pretty well, and it worked at Augusta.''

But not before he had to figure out how to deal with contact lenses.

"Trying to put those things in your eye. .. it would take me 30 minutes to 45 minutes to get them in,'' he said. "Getting them out's easy. Putting them in I was struggling. Now it's easy, but those wake up 15 minutes before you've got to leave that first week at Augusta? No chance. It was wake up an hour and spend 45 minutes on my eyes.''

Reed said the difference has not just helped on the greens but "longer distances, being able to see, judge, that kind of stuff. It's been interesting.''Steven Gerrard cites ambition and positivity as key reasons as to why he chose Rangers to begin his managerial career. (1:27)

Rangers appointed Steven Gerrard to his first senior management job on Friday, but the Liverpool legend is confident his lack of first-team managerial experience will not be an issue with the Scottish giants.

Gerrard signed a four-year deal as Rangers coach and held his first news conference at the Ibrox Stadium on Friday after a week of negotiations with the Premiership club, who prepared for his appointment by sacking caretaker manager Graeme Murty on Tuesday.

The 37-year-old said he will take over at the new club at the beginning of next month after completing his commitments as Liverpool's under-18s coach -- his only managerial experience since retiring as a player in 2016.

"It's not an issue for me," Gerrard said of his inexperience as a coach. "It seems to be an issue for other people, but I can't control that. I respect everyone's opinion. I've been around a big football club for a long time. I've been around big football matches. I've watched big managers perform and I've worked under big managers.

"I can't do nothing about having no experience from where I sit right now, and there's only one way to gain that experience. You have to believe in yourself that you have the right characteristics to go in and take on a challenge head-on. One day I will be experienced, for sure, and I've got confidence that this opportunity certainly will help."

Rangers sacked Murty earlier this week following a 5-0 defeat to bitter rivals Celtic, who secured their seventh consecutive league title in the process. Murty himself was appointed after Pedro Caixinha was sacked in October after just seven months in the role.

"From the very beginning, talks have been extremely positive and we believe that Steven is the right man to drive Rangers forward," Rangers chairman Dave King said in a statement.

Gerrard said he was honoured to manage Rangers, who won the most recent of their 54 league titles in 2011.

#RangersFC are delighted to confirm that Steven Gerrard has agreed to become the new manager of the Club. pic.twitter.com/uUOVnJWI7I — Rangers Football Club (@RangersFC) May 4, 2018

"When the call came off Liverpool with the opportunity to speak to Rangers, it was a no-brainer for me," Gerrard said. "I got a different feeling in my stomach from the previous opportunities I had in terms of being a No. 1 manager, so yeah, there were a lot of things to think about, but from that phone call, I got a special feeling and I knew that Rangers was for me."

Gerrard confirmed that former Liverpool teammate and Scotland international Gary McAllister would join him on the Rangers coaching staff, with other appointments to be named in the coming days.

McAllister's presence, Gerrard said, will help overcome any perceived lack of managerial experience -- though chairman Dave King said at the news conference that Gerrard's lack of familiarity worked in his favour in the hiring process.

"What I liked about Steven when Mark first initially said to me, 'What about Steven Gerrard as an idea?' -- clearly he hadn't managed before, but that's the only box that he didn't tick," King said. "Every other box, he did tick -- competitive, ability, a winner. He was ticking all of the boxes other than experience.

"But, having said that, if I looked at -- and no disrespect, and no individual names, but I looked at a lot of the other mangers who were being put forward to us over the last couple of months, they had that experience, but a lot of that experience wasn't necessarily good. The reason that they were available is because previous clubs failed and they weren't performing well."

Rangers manager Steven Gerrard Jeff Holmes/PA Images

Gerrard never won a Premier League title in his 17 seasons at Liverpool, but he captained the team to Champions League glory in 2005. He was also part of teams that won UEFA Cup, UEFA Super Cup, FA Cup and League Cup titles.

The closest Gerrard came to winning the Premier League was in 2014 as runner-up in a Liverpool team managed by Brendan Rodgers -- now his counterpart at Old Firm rivals Celtic.

"I haven't spoken to Brendan recently regarding this role at all, but me and Brendan are fine," Gerrard said. "We always have been fine and I'm looking forward to the challenge."

He also said he didn't want to go into the challenges that Rangers face -- they are third in the Premiership, with a number of players on loan from other clubs -- but said that he has been assured by the club hierarchy that he will be given the resources to compete.

As for the pressure that he faces in the role, Gerrard said that's exactly what he has been missing since his retirement as a player.

"Now, being Rangers manager, I know it's going to come," he said. "I know there will be a lot of scrutiny and a lot of pressure, but that's what I love about being in football."Hear what some of the Premier League's top managers had to say to Steven Gerrard following his appointment at Rangers.

ABOUT COOKIES

We use cookies to help make this website better, to improve our services and for advertising purposes. You can learn more about our use of cookies and change your browser settings in order to avoid cookies by clicking here. Otherwise, we'll assume you are OK to continue.

ContinueBrad Marchand ignores the NHL's requests and licks Ryan Callahan after doing it several times against Toronto in the first round. (0:23)

BOSTON -- Brad Marchand is at it again.

The Boston Bruins winger lifted the Tampa Bay Lightning's Ryan Callahan off the ice with a low-bridge hit along the boards in the second period of Game 4 on Friday night. When Callahan confronted him later on, shoving him in the face, Marchand responded in -- for him -- familiar fashion: He attempted to press his face -- and tongue -- against Callahan's face.

Editor's Picks Ranking Brad Marchand's top 20 heel moments The slew-foots, the elbows, the Twitter trolling, the ... licking? Here are the greatest hits of the Bruin opposing players and fans love to hate.

"Well, he punched me four times in the face, so, you know, he just kept getting close," said Marchand, when asked where the idea to stick his tongue out came from. "Nothing big."

It was unclear if Marchand was referring to a specific incident or the course of the game itself.

"I hope the league looks at it," Callahan said after the game, a 4-3 Lightning victory in overtime. "I don't know if there is discipline for spitting in someone's face. But for me, it's worse, if not the same."

When told that Callahan referred to Marchand as "spitting" at him instead of licking him, Marchand said, "That's cute. Good for him."

Callahan also took offense to the hit that preceded the lick: "I just got lucky that my lead foot wasn't planted," he said. "I think if my lead foot's planted there, I'm not finishing the game."

"There are no hearings scheduled for any hits from last night's games," league spokesman John Dellapina said in an email to ESPN Saturday. There was no mention if the NHL was reviewing the licking incident.

play 0:26 Hedman on Marchand's lick: 'It's not part of hockey' Victor Hedman is not a fan of Brad Marchand's latest antics and says it's up to the league to decide whether to step in.

Marchand reportedly had been told by the league to stop such antics -- Friday wasn't the first time Marchand attempted to lick an opponent as a way of taunting -- although NHL deputy commissioner Bill Daly denied that was the case last week when interviewed by USA Today.

"There is absolutely no place in our game for that," Lightning coach Jon Cooper said. "I don't get it. I don't understand it. I don't. How would you feel if I walked over to you right now and gave you one big lick from the chin up?"

In the Bruins' first-round series against the Toronto Maple Leafs, Marchand received a lot of attention after being caught on camera licking Leo Komarov.

"I thought he wanted to cuddle. I just wanted to get close to him," Marchand said after that game. "He keeps trying to get close to me. I don't know if he's got a thing for me or what. He's cute."

Marchand was not penalized on the play, nor did he receive supplemental discipline.

"It's not part of hockey," Lightning defenseman Victor Hedman said. "It's not part of any sports at all."

The game was tied 2-2 at the time of the Marchand-Callahan incident. Marchand assisted on an early Boston goal and did the same on a third-period score. The first-line winger has four goals and 13 assists in this postseason.

The Lightning have a 3-1 lead in the series, with Game 5 Sunday night on Tampa's ice.It is a measure of the high standards Tejaswin Shankar has set for himself that he does not find the need to celebrate the fact that he just set a new national record. Competing for the Kansas State University, the 19-year-old high jumper cleared 2.29m at the Corky/Crofoot Shootout in Lubbock Texas, a centimeter higher than the previous national record of 2.28m he had set only last month at the Federation Cup in Patiala.

Admitedly, Shankar is dealing with a few distractions. "I strained my neck in the competition so it's a little difficult for me to enjoy the record," he says.

There's also the matter of his impending final exams. "If I don't get a minimum 2.0 GPA, I'm not going to be allowed to compete in the NCAA so that's on my mind too. After I cleared 2.29m, there's a small part of me that is wondering why I couldn't have done this three weeks back."

Those emotions were communicated succinctly in a tweet Shankar put out not long after his competition:

Highjump is the funniest sport! 2 weeks ago I jumped 2.24 @GC2018 and today it's another New Indian national record!(2.29m) Everything has a time... "ifs and buts" shouldn't be part of the game. Just onwards and upwards from now!

Highjump is the funniest sport! 2 weeks ago I jumped 2.24 @GC2018 and today it's another New Indian national record!(2.29m) Everything has a time... "ifs and buts" shouldn't be part of the game. Just onwards and upwards from now! @afiindia https://t.co/dMqz3HJlT4 - Tejaswin Shankar (@TejaswinShankar) April 28, 2018

On April 11, competing in his first Commonwealth Games, Shankar finished sixth with his final successful clearance coming at 2.24m. While the mark was 4cm short of his then personal best, it was still the best performance by an Indian high jumper in the history of the competition. And while it might have seemed a bitter pill to swallow for almost any athlete, Shankar has made his peace with the result.

"I would have wanted to clear 2.28m at the Commonwealth Games, but I wouldn't say I was disappointed with how I did in Gold Coast. I've only started consistently clearing 2.20m this year. I understand that 2.24m was the height I could consistently clear. And at least I didn't embarrass myself."

At a different time in his life - even just a year ago - he would not have been as much at ease with himself. "This would have been different if I was only taking part in competitions in India. Back then I had maybe four or five competitions in a year. If I did badly in one, that would be a huge setback because I would have to wait a few months to get another chance to compete."

That's not the case at Kansas State, where Shankar joined in 2017. In just the first four months of the year, he has already competed on eight separate occasions. "It's like the IPL," he says. "You have tournaments coming up every few weeks. You don't have time to even feel bad about any result because you have a new competition to think about."

This, of course, is not to say Shankar did not take back anything from the Commonwealth Games.

"People say 'don't let your competitors get to your head'. This sounds like an obvious thing. I've told lots of other athletes about this too but unless you do it yourself, you don't really know how to do that.

"You really don't know what it's like to be competing after a guy like Brandon Starc. There are 40000 people cheering for him and the ground itself seems to be shaking when he is running in. And then when you begin your jump, its completely quiet. No one can really prepare you for that. This is simply something you figure out as you go along."

The learning to not be bogged down by his result at the Games was drilled in when just the day after his competition at Gold Coast, Shankar received a message from Cliff Rovelto, his coach at Kansas State University.

"I was hoping I might get a few days to enjoy myself at the village, but coach Rovelto wanted to know when I would get back to my training schedule once again. He told me the most consistent athlete was the one who sticks to his plans."

This is why Shankar has already put the Lubbock tournament behind him.

"I don't even think this was a very good jumping competition for me," he says. "Because I was in the middle of a lifting cycle I wasn't nearly at my peak physically. And my closest competitor (Trey Culver who had a personal best of 2.33m but bowed out at 2.11m on Saturday) finished early. So there was no one to push me further." Shankar could have even attempted a higher mark (he took just one attempt to clear 2.29m) but decided against it owing to the strain in his neck.

Shankar will now be attempting to go even better at the Big 12 Championships in May, followed by the NCAA regional qualifiers later that month. A top-32 finish there will qualify him for the Division 1 Championships in June. But even these competitions are just part of the bigger plan.

"For the next two or three years I just want to learn all the time. There will always be another competition to focus on."Sample this statistic: Of the top-four finishers at last week's St Louis Rapid & Blitz tournament, three players were below 30 years. The two senior-most players in the field - former World No. 1 Garry Kasparov (54 years), appearing in a competitive tournament for the first time since he retired 12 years ago, and five-time world champion Viswanathan Anand (47 years) occupied the bottom-most positions. Kasparov finished one spot above the ninth-placed Indian.

Stopping to catch a few days of rest at home in Chennai before heading to Tbilisi, Georgia for the Chess World Cup, Anand tells ESPN that falling behind Kasparov wasn't the worst part: "I think I played the rapid and blitz quite badly so pretty much everyone finished ahead of me. Losing to (Levon) Aronian in the rapid was very difficult, especially since I was winning. That loss really hurt." Anand began strongly against Aronian, the World No. 5 Armenian who went on to become the overall tournament champion, before blundering in the 23rd move and caving in to tactical challenges that followed on the first day of the rapid event.

"Passion is what makes us do what we do. Clearly, he (Kasparov) is very passionate about the game."

Anand's example, in fact, adds credence to the strong correlation between age and faster time controls. Not long ago he ruled the format, earning the 'Lightning Kid' sobriquet. Today, age is a little more than just a number. "There is a (age glass) ceiling no doubt," he says, "I was once the poster boy for rapid chess!"

At the other end of the spectrum is the reigning world rapid champion, 48-year-old Vassily Ivanchuk. Dismissing the age argument summarily, former World No. 3 Boris Gelfand tells ESPN that he doesn't go through the shortened time control games deeply and doesn't read much into the results. "I don't attach much value to them and don't think rapid and blitz games deserve to be analysed seriously. Less than a year ago, Anand won the tournament in St Louis in convincing fashion." The Champions Showdown in St Louis in November last year, which pitted two former world champions (Anand and Veselin Topalov) against the top two American players (Hikaru Nakamura, Fabiano Caruana) across two classical, two rapid and four blitz round robins, had the Indian taking home the $60,000 prize purse with seven wins, 16 draws and one defeat.

This year, at the St Louis rapid event, where all players faced each other in a round-robin format with 25 minutes on the clock for the entire game, both Kasparov and Anand seemed to flounder when it came to tactical decisions. In Anand's case, form doesn't seem to be the villain, considering his second-place finish at the recent Sinquefield Cup. "Clearly age is the defining factor when it comes to the shorter formats," Grandmaster Pravin Thipsay notes, adding, "For someone like Anand, who excelled in this format, to finish at the bottom is surprising. I've always felt that the faster time controls aren't indicative of strength or understanding of the game. It's more about reflexes, intuition and instant decisions."

Editor's Picks Kasparov holds Anand to a draw in comeback Facing each other in an official game for the first time since the 54 year-old Kasparov's final tournament appearance in Linares in 2005, the old-time rivals signed peace after 31 moves.

All three games across rapid and blitz formats that old-time foes Anand and Kasparov played against each other ended in draws. Results, though, didn't seem to matter gravely. "We did discuss economy & politics," Anand says, "He has a unique perspective on world affairs. I think he thoroughly enjoyed himself in St Louis. Passion is what makes us do what we do. Clearly, he is very passionate about the game."

Up next is the World Cup, a 128-player knockout tournament, held every two years, which gets underway on September 2 and Anand will have to finish in the top two to progress to next year's Candidates tournament, which will determine Magnus Carlsen's challenger for the 2018 World Championship. Apart from Anand, six other Indian players - Pentala Harikrishna, SP Sethuraman, Deep Sengupta, Karthikeyan Murali, Vidit Gujarthi and Baskaran Adhiban - will also be part of the field.

Magnus Carlsen and Viswanathan Anand during an awards ceremony in Sochi at the World Chess Championship where Carlsen beat Anand to clinch his second title on November 23, 2014. Dmitry Azarov/Kommersant Photo via Getty Images

In an almost unprecedented instance, reigning world champion Carlsen will participate in the World Cup. A self-admitted fan of the knockout format, Carlsen being part of the qualification stage for the World Championship could add intrigue to the already unpredictable contest.

"To play the tournament is Magnus's choice," Anand says. "I will just focus on my chances."Sindhu's two heartbreaking losses in tournament finals and the thrilling U-17 World Cup final feature in our Match of the Year nominees. Here are our nominations for the match of the year:

Saina beats Sindhu in nationals final

PTI

The game

Saina Nehwal vs. PV Sindhu, national championships final, Nagpur

How it unfolded

Saina caused a huge upset by defending pre-tournament favourite Sindhu 21-17, 27-25 in the final after Sindhu saved as many as five match points. The win gave Saina her third national title, with her previous two wins coming in 2006 and 2007. Saina's improved fitness and her reunion with Pullela Gopichand were the two major factors that helped her to avenge her loss against Sindhu at the India Open earlier in the year. With Sindhu having played a lot more in the lead up to the nationals, Saina's better movement stood out on the day.

What they said

"I think it was a very difficult game for me. Sindhu is world number 2 at the moment. I was expecting this to be very tough for me. I was able to move well today, and I was able to pick up her shots. I am really happy."

- Saina on her display in the final

England beat Spain 5-2 in U-17 World Cup final

Phil Foden scored twice as England came from 0-2 down to defeat Spain 5-2 in the U17 World Cup final. Jan Kruger - FIFA/FIFA via Getty Images

The game

England vs. Spain, U-17 World Cup final, October 28, 2017, Salt Lake Stadium, Kolkata

How it unfolded

Spain went ahead 2-0 inside 31 minutes, with Barcelona's Sergio Gomez scoring both goals. England kept attacking, though, and found one goal on the brink of half-time. In the second half, both teams produced attacking football, but Spain wilted under the pressure of England's attack, inspired by Manchester City's Phil Foden, who scored two as England ran out 5-2 winners in the first FIFA event on Indian soil.

What they said

"We have played the way that we want the England team to play. 2-0 down and to win 5-2 in a World Cup final and not one long ball. Pass, pass, pass. We have a plan that we can do at the very best and against the very best."

- England U-17 coach Steve Cooper, speaking after the final.

Sindhu's World Championsip final against Okuhara

Nozomi Okuhara ANDY BUCHANAN/AFP/Getty Images

The game

PV Sindhu vs. Nozomi Okuhara, World Championships final, Glasgow, August 28

How it unfolded

It wouldn't be a grave exaggeration to say that the 110 minutes of badminton spectacle that PV Sindhu and her Japanese opponent Nozomi Okuhara put on display at the World Championships was one of the finest ever in the history of the sport. Exacting every ounce of energy, grit and will from each other, both players soldiered on, retrieving every shuttle and the eventual score-line 19-21, 22-20, 19-21, with Sindhu saving three match points in the decider, was proof of a match steeped in greatness.

In their own words

"It was mentally and physically very tough. We didn't leave any shuttle. I was prepared for a long match but I guess it was not my day."

- Sindhu on what went wrong for her on the big day

Aizawl clinching the I-League with a 1-1 draw in Shillong

AIFF Media

The game

Shillong Lajong FC vs. Aizawl FC, I-League, 30th April 2017, Nehru Stadium, Shillong

How it unfolded

Aizawl FC scripted the most romantic and improbable of victories when they claimed the I-League title with an excruciatingly tense draw against Shillong Lajong in Shillong.

Aizawl needed a draw to win the title, but Lajong scored first through Aser Dipanda Dicka on nine minutes, and it took Aizawl until the 67th minute to pull one back through William Lalnunfela. Aizawl were pushed hard in the end by the home side, who had two great chances to score. There could be no other explanation -- Aizawl's title win was just meant to be.

In their own words

"I couldn't bear it. My heart was going BADUM-BADUM-BADUM."

- Aizawl captain Alfred Jaryan, who missed the match through suspension, describes his emotions.

Vijender Singh beats China's Zulpikar Maimatiali

PUNIT PARANJPE / AFP

The backdrop

Vijender Singh's choice of opponent for his ninth professional bout - China's Zulpikar Maimaitiali - appeared to be an inspired choice by his matchmakers. There was tension between the two countries over the disputed region of Doklam and Vijender had indulged in a bit of trash talk, indicating Maimaitiali wouldn't last too long in the ring as he was a 'Chinese product'.

The moment

Maimaitiali gave a far better account of himself, with the Indian taking a close decision. The victory would allow Vijender to add the Chinese boxer's WBO Oriental supermiddleweight title to his own WBO Asia-Pacific supermiddleweight title. The Indian, though, would offer the belt back in the interest of peace between the two countries.

In their own words

"I don't want this title. I will give it back to Zulpikar. I don't want tension on the border. It's a message of peace. That's important."

- Vijender after beating Maimaitiali

Ramkumar Ramanathan beats Dominic Thiem in Antalya

Subhankar Chakraborty/Hindustan Times via Getty Images

The game

Ramkumar Ramanathan vs Dominic Thiem, pre-quarters, Antalya Open, Turkey, June 27

How it unfolded

It was a match few expected Ramkumar to win. But for someone who has a way with surprises, having beaten then India no. one Somdev Devvarman as a 19 year-old on his ATP tour debut, the Chennai boy didn't disappoint. Coming through qualifying, Ramkumar dominated the French Open semifinalist & world no. eight Thiem, placed 214 places above him, with some excellent service games in the first set and though he squandered three break points in the second, he broke the top seed in the fifth game to sail to a straight-sets win.

It was also the first time since Leander Paes' 1998 win over Pete Sampras in New Haven that an Indian singles player had beaten a top-10 ranked player.

In their own words

"Federer has always been an idol and I watched a couple of his matches against Thiem just before this. It gave me a few ideas on how to play Thiem and I tried some of them on court and got a few points."

- Ramkumar reflecting on what helped him pull off the biggest win of his careerDORTMUND, Germany -- On Saturday, on the penultimate matchday, Borussia Dortmund can seal their qualification for the 2018-19 Champions League with a win against 14th-placed Mainz thanks to a four-point gap with fifth-place Bayer Leverkusen.

After leading the league for nine rounds only to find themselves back in eighth place in December, this is the scenario the club had hoped for when they appointed Peter Stoger two games ahead of the winter break.

For obvious reasons, Champions League qualification is vital for the club not only to sustain their financial income and foot the wage bills but also to ensure their own status in German football. Dortmund have a big summer overhaul in front of them which will most likely entail a managerial change with Nice's Lucien Favre seeming to be the hottest candidate. When it comes to luring new talent to the Westfalenstadion, being able to offer Europe's most illustrious competition can make a vital difference.

And, in a way, the fact that Dortmund have their fate very much in their own hands after a topsy-turvy season should lend them a sense of reassurance. Especially in a season that featured two different managers in Peter Bosz and Stoger and went far from smoothly -- notably a midseason identity crisis.

Even more so because there doesn't seem to be a team that can take away Dortmund's status as the second-biggest club in Germany anytime soon. Rivals Schalke 04, who are likely to finish second, might have the best chance to do that in the long term but the Royal Blues will have to deal with the added strain of European football next season and will have to replace integral parts of their midfield in Leon Goretzka and Max Meyer. Furthermore, Domenico Tedesco will have to make significant changes to his team's footballing identity, as their current reactive style that is designed to pounce on opponent's errors will not continue to work in the Bundesliga or on the European stage.

Former Bayern Munich sporting director and ex-Dortmund manager Matthias Sammer, who has been appointed by Dortmund as an external advisor, has even gone further in his criticism of the Bundesliga. In a recent interview with a German podcast, the 50-year-old maligned that the German top flight lacks a proactive style, in general, barring the league leaders.

He said: "The Bundesliga thinks the future lies in defence and avoiding errors. That is wrong. We can't even defend well in the Bundesliga. We need to orient to what the best are doing and the best want to have the ball. Schalke can only work because the Bundesliga is so bad is -- if the league was better, Schalke would be around eight or tenth place."

Peter Stoger is closing in on accomplishing his job of securing a top-four finish for Dortmund. Maja Hitij/Bongarts/Getty Images

Even a highly decorated Bayer Leverkusen side is struggling for a top-four finish despite not having to play on the continental level. And the wheels have come off completely in Leipzig. Last year's runners-ups, who were in second place on Matchday 22 this season, look out of gas after their first season of European football. Ralph Hasenhuttl's team - currently in sixth -- is only left with a slim theoretical chance to finish in the top four and will almost certainly have to settle for a Europa League campaign. It's yet unclear how RB Leipzig will deal without Naby Keita, who will join Liverpool in the summer and if Hasenhuttl will stay on as manager. Emil Forsberg, another pivotal player is likely to depart as well.

Hoffenheim, meanwhile, are the great exemption from Sammer's criticism as Julian Nagelsmann has got his team back on track with a proactive, possession-based style. TSG struggled early on with the addition of Europa League football and the absences of Niklas Sule and Sebastian Rudy, dropping as low as ninth in the league. Since then they have recovered and with two rounds left, Hoffenheim have a third-place finish in their own hands. The first qualification for the Champions League group stage would be a major coup for Nagelsmann's men but it is unlikely that the sought-after coach will work his magic in the Rhein-Neckar region beyond the 2018-19 campaign.

So if Dortmund can seal their qualification for the Champions League on Saturday against Mainz they can end the season on a very hopeful note. After several experiments, Stoger has helped the Black and Yellows find a way back to their footballing identity. In the last two games against Bayer Leverkusen and Werder Bremen, he applied a possession-oriented 4-1-4-1 system that is run by Mario Gotze and Marco Reus in central midfield with Julian Weigl excelling once again in defensive midfield.

The "Gotzeus" partnership has revealed its potential for world-class performances in BVB's midfield and is something the club can build on in the long-term -- if both players can stay healthy that is.

Stoger praised the partnership of Gotze and Reus at Thursday's news conference saying: "They just have an amazing understanding. Passes, runs -- everything fits together."

Defender Manuel Akanji and winger Jadon Sancho also have used the final games of the season to hint at their value for the upcoming season. Sporting director Michael Zorc will have a lot of work to do but he has a healthy core to build from.

BVB will be looking for a smooth Saturday in their last home game as they not only want to wrap up Champions League qualification but also to give a fitting farewell to backup goalkeeper Roman Weidenfeller, who had been promised an appearance per substitution by Stoger if the run of play allows it. The 37-year-old is set to retire this season after spending 16 years at Dortmund. An appearance against Mainz would mark his 453rd appearance for the club, ranking him second in games played for BVB only behind Zorc who has set the seemingly eternal mark of 571 games as an active player.

It would mark a happy end to a difficult season -- snatching second-place away from rivals Schalke would be the cherry on top.Exploring New England Patriots hot topics in a weekly mailbag:

Mike Pats have so many running backs on their roster who & how many will make the team in your opinion? — Gary Smith (@BostonRocks) May 2, 2018

@MikeReiss mike have u heard anything lately on the progress of Derek Rivers or Harvey Langi? Thx man — Lefty2Guns (@tod_rodger) May 2, 2018

@MikeReiss hi Mike, just read your article on the OTs. I feel like there's a chance they might try Wynn at guard, at least this year. What do you think? A Cannon, Brown, Waddle, Croston, Garcia 5 man group at tackle seems like enough, no? With Wynn, Mason, Andrews, Thuney inside. — Alonso (@AlonsoNFL) May 4, 2018

Gary, the biggest takeaway for me is that Mike Gillislee , barring an injury to others, is fighting for a roster spot after opening last season as the team's No. 1 running back. First-round draft pick Sony Michel , six-year veteran Rex Burkhead and "passing back" James White are locks, which leaves Gillislee, Jeremy Hill Brandon Bolden and undrafted free agent Ralph Webb as the next layer on the depth chart vying for one or two spots. That's an unexpected turn for Gillislee, who signed a two-year, $6.4 million contract as a restricted free agent last offseason, costing the Patriots a fifth-round draft choice when Buffalo didn't match the offer (the Bills selected linebacker Matt Milano with the pick). Part of the reason Gillislee's spot on the roster isn't a guarantee is that the Patriots could cut him with no dead money on the salary cap, which is another important layer to consider. So Gillislee, who totaled 383 yards and five touchdowns on 104 carries last season and lost the top spot on the depth chart to Dion Lewis in Week 6, is one of the fascinating personnel storylines heading into 2018.Lefty, part of what makes 2017 third-round pick Derek Rivers and 2017 undrafted free agent Harvey Langi an interesting topic is that they could be included in this year's draft class because they missed last year with injuries. Rivers, who tore his ACL during a mid-August joint practice, has had no setbacks and should be on the field at the start of training camp. The Patriots are hoping he can help their pass rush, as he had set the Youngstown State record for most sacks in a career (41). Langi, an outside linebacker, played sparingly in one game last season before being involved in a car accident that ultimately landed him on injured reserve. He has made progress from back, neck and knee injuries suffered in the accident. Those close to him relay that he's doing great and is ready to go.Alonso, my belief is that the Patriots plan to play first-round pick Isaiah Wynn at left tackle initially and see how the competition unfolds. If he's beaten out there, he could then kick inside to guard, possibly pushing Joe Thuney on the left side. Either way, Wynn should be out there because the Patriots will play their best five linemen, and he projects as a top-five player based on his traits and performance in college against high-level competition. From a big-picture standpoint, if the Patriots didn't think Wynn had a chance to be in the tackle mix, I don't believe they would have picked him at No. 23. It comes down to positional value and there are few positions more important than left tackle.Chris Berman, Steve Young and Randy Moss break down how Nick Foles and Doug Pederson were the difference-makers in the Eagles' victory over the Patriots. (2:33)

The Philadelphia Eagles outlasted the New England Patriots 41-33 in Super Bowl LII, led by an MVP performance by Nick Foles, and a late-game forced fumble by Brandon Graham.

It's the first Super Bowl victory for the franchise, and the first for any team from Philadelphia in the big four pro sports since the Phillies' World Series title in 2008.

Top stories:

Jump to: Conference title games | Divisional round | Wild-card games | Full schedule

Super Bowl LII

(1) Philadelphia Eagles 41, (1) New England Patriots 33

In a record-setting shootout between Nick Foles and Tom Brady, the backup quarterback led a pressure-packed 75-yard drive to the winning touchdown, 11 yards to Zach Ertz with 2:21 to go Sunday night. Then, a defense that had been shredded throughout the second half made two final stands -- including a strip-sack of Brady by Brandon Graham -- to clinch the win. Full recap.

AFC Championship Game

(3) Jacksonville Jaguars 20, (1) New England Patriots 24

The Jaguars jumped out to a 14-3 lead in the second quarter, but Tom Brady led a tremendous second half effort, including two touchdown catches by Danny Amendola, to earn another trip to the Super Bowl. The two teams combined for just one turnover -- a fumble by Dion Lewis recovered by Myles Jack. Complete recap.

NFC Championship Game

(2) Minnesota Vikings 7, (1) Philadelphia Eagles 38

The Vikings jumped out to an early 7-0 lead on a picture-perfect pass from Case Keenum to Kyle Rudolph, but it was all Eagles afterwards, as the home 'dogs scored 38 straight to punch their Super Bowl tickets. Eagles quarterback Nick Foles finished the game with 352 yards passing and three touchdowns, while Keenum managed 271 yards and the lone touchdown along with two picks. Complete recap.

AFC divisional round

(5) Tennessee Titans 14, (1) New England Patriots 35

After the Titans took a 7-0 lead in the first quarter, it was all Patriots thereafter. The fans who braved the cold in Foxborough witnessed 337 yards passing and three touchdowns from Tom Brady. Complete recap.

(3) Jacksonville Jaguars 45, (2) Pittsburgh Steelers 42

Jacksonville jumped out to a 21-0 lead and survived Ben Roethlisberger's five touchdown passes -- two on fourth-down heaves -- to advance to face the Patriots. Leonard Fournette finished with 109 rushing yards and three touchdowns. Complete recap

NFC divisional round

(1) Philadelphia Eagles 15, (6) Atlanta Falcons 10

Nick Foles completed 77 percent of his passes, and the Eagles defense had a stellar performance which including stopping the Falcons on a fourth-and-goal from the 2-yard line to seal the game. Philadelphia also overcame two lost fumbles, while Atlanta didn't have a turnover. Complete recap.

(2) Minnesota Vikings 29, (4) New Orleans Saints 24

Case Keenum hit Stefon Diggs for a 61-yard touchdown as time expired to give the Vikings the win. The Vikings had led the Saints 17-0 at halftime, but New Orleans scored three straight touchdowns. Complete recap.

AFC wild-card round

(5) Tennessee Titans 22, (4) Kansas City Chiefs 21

The Chiefs raced out to a 21-3 halftime lead, but Marcus Mariota and the Titans stormed back with 19 unanswered points as the Kansas City offense stalled. Derrick Henry rushed for 156 yards and a touchdown in the win. Complete recap.

(3) Jacksonville Jaguars 10, (6) Buffalo Bills 3

Neither quarterback had efficient passing days, but Blake Bortles had a touchdown pass, ran for 88 yards and committed no turnovers, while Tyrod Taylor had an interception and couldn't get the Bills in the end zone in the loss. Complete recap.

NFC wild-card round

(6) Atlanta Falcons 26, (3) Los Angeles Rams 13

Two early turnovers put the Rams in a hole, kicker Matt Bryant hit four field goals, and the Falcons' defense stifled Los Angeles when it mattered. Julio Jones had nine catches for 94 yards and a touchdown, and Atlanta didn't turn over the ball. Complete recap.

(4) New Orleans Saints 31, (5) Carolina Panthers 26

The Saints didn't get their ground game going, but Drew Brees torched the Carolina secondary for almost 380 yards and two touchdowns. Cam Newton had a big game, too, but the Panthers' defense didn't hold up in New Orleans. Complete recap.

Full schedule

Schedule: Wild-Card Weekend Matchup Date Time Network Titans 22, Chiefs 21 Sat. Jan. 6 4:25 p.m. ET ESPN/ABC Falcons, 26, Rams 13 Sat. Jan. 6 8:15 p.m. ET NBC Jaguars 10, Bills 3 Sun. Jan. 7 1:00 p.m. ET CBS Saints 31, Panthers 26 Sun. Jan. 7 4:40 p.m. ET Fox

Schedule: Divisional Weekend Teams Date Time Network Eagles 15, Falcons 10 Sat. Jan. 13 4:35 p.m. ET NBC Patriots 35, Titans 14 Sat. Jan. 13 8:15 p.m. ET CBS Jaguars 45, Steelers 42 Sun. Jan. 14 1:05 p.m. ET CBS Vikings 29, Saints 24 Sun. Jan. 14 4:40 p.m. ET Fox

Schedule: Championship Weekend Matchup Date Time Network Patriots 24, Jaguars 20 Sun. Jan. 21 3:05 p.m. ET CBS Eagles 38, Vikings 7 Sun. Jan. 21 6:40 p.m. ET Fox *NFL Championship Playoffs TicketsLOUISVILLE, Ky. -- Gayle Benson didn't get to see the colt named in honor of her husband almost win the Louisiana Derby.

It was Saturday, March 24, 2018, and Benson was a significant absence at the Fair Grounds Race Course that day in her hometown of New Orleans. It was a week tinged with sadness. Her husband, Tom Benson, the late owner of the NFL's Saints and NBA's Pelicans, had been laid to rest the previous day.

Editor's Picks What you should care about at the 2018 Kentucky Derby Justify's attempt to become the first horse since Apollo in 1882 to win the Kentucky Derby without having made at least one start as a 2-year-old leads the top storylines at Churchill Downs this weekend.

How to bet the 144th Kentucky Derby Chris Fallica runs through the field for the 2018 Kentucky Derby and supplies his best bets for the race.

2018 Kentucky Derby odds With the Kentucky Derby approaching, here are the full odds for every horse. 2 Related

Twenty-four hours later, Lone Sailor thrust his head in front down the long Fair Grounds homestretch, trying valiantly to hold off Noble Indy. Lone Sailor couldn't, just missing a victory, but it was enough to get him into the Kentucky Derby starting gate.

Lone Sailor's trainer, Tom Amoss, a lifelong New Orleanian, had wanted to win the race his entire life. Winning with Lone Sailor, who was named in honor of a Navy Memorial Foundation service award Tom Benson received in 2007, would've meant the world to Amoss.

But in the quiet hours after the celebration had died down, he looked down at his phone and saw a text from Gayle Benson that made him decide second place sometimes could feel just like a win.

"I'll keep the text she sent me after the Louisiana Derby for the rest of my life. It meant a lot to me to get a text that night," Amoss said. "Obviously, she wasn't going to be at the race. It was the day after the funeral, but it meant a lot to me and it made me feel in my own little way like I had given something back to a family that had really, not only me, but the city of New Orleans, had given so much through the Saints. ...

"They're the Saints! I mean, I grew up with them, my family grew up with them, I used to go to the games with my brothers and my dad. For any New Orleanian, they were a part of our lives."

It has become clear that horse racing has suddenly and quickly become a major part of Gayle Benson's life.

Tom and Gayle Benson started GMB Racing in 2014 after enjoying trips to New York's Saratoga Race Course together. It was Gayle who nudged her husband back into the business after decades of inactivity.

Tom had sold off all his horse racing interests years earlier after his son, Robert "Bob" Benson, died of cancer in 1986. Bob had run the operation, which saw moderate success with stakes winner Si Cima in the late 1970s and early 1980s. When he died, Tom lost all interest in keeping up that part of his life, but Gayle made him remember how much fun he used to have around the track.

The Bensons have had an unprecedented amount of success since then, sending Mo Tom and Tom's Ready, two horses from their first crop of purchases, to the Kentucky Derby in 2016.

It's an astonishing amount of success for a small operation that bought its first horses at bargain prices. Just how hard is it to get into the Derby? Only 20 horses will make it to the gate on Saturday out of the 21,500 registered thoroughbreds born in 2015.

Even Colonel Edward R. Bradley, who started a record 28 horses in the Derby and won four times, took 20 years to get his first starter in the gate. By Golly, who was one of just 1,680 registered thoroughbred foals that year -- 1917 -- finished seventh.

"It's a race that can't be bought," Amoss said. "And many people have tried to buy it in the past."

What hasn't become clear is which operation ranks highest in Gayle Benson's life in the weeks since she was suddenly tasked with running two professional sports teams, in addition to a thoroughbred racing and breeding operation. Ownership transferred to her in an unprecedented time of success for the Benson sports teams.

Gayle Benson's Lone Sailor was a 29-1 Kentucky Derby long shot on Saturday morning. AP Photo/Charlie Riedel

The Saints had just come off their first playoff appearance since 2013. The Pelicans not made it to only the postseason, but they swept the Portland Trail Blazers in the first round.

As for the riding side, the operation has transformed from making a single start in 2014 to a full-fledged racing operation, in addition to a 273-acre breeding farm in Kentucky.

Somehow, Benson has committed to making it work, crisscrossing the country to watch the Pelicans continue in the postseason against the Golden State Warriors in California and New Orleans, all while keeping an eye on the horses in Kentucky. After the Pelicans' home victory over the Warriors on Friday, she was scheduled to take a plane to Louisville.

It was clear she wasn't going to miss seeing Lone Sailor this time around. Shortly after the Louisiana Derby, she placed a personal call to NBA commissioner Adam Silver to request the Pelicans play on any day but the first Saturday in May.

An NBA source confirmed that the call occurred and they would've been willing to listen to the request, but they didn't need to because the schedule already had the Pelicans playing on a Friday instead.

"I think that tells you where horse racing fits in her world. It's important," Amoss said.

Lone Sailor was a 29-1 long shot on Saturday morning, and it will be a monumental task for him to win the Kentucky Derby. But with all that has happened this year, Amoss said he wondered if it was meant to be.

"I think that fate has a lot to do with which horses make it there," he said. "As in any sport, injuries come into play, not just talent. ... And I think reflecting on all the things that made that specific horse make it all the way to the Kentucky Derby, you just kind of look at it and say, part of it has to be fate."

Although her husband is gone, it's clear Benson isn't planning on giving up the racing operation anytime soon.

"This isn't the closing chapter," Amoss said. "This is the beginning of the story for the Bensons and horse racing."Steve Nicol reflects on Liverpool's 1984 European Cup final against Roma, which ended in triumph despite his missed penalty. (5:04)

Steven Gerrard said that Liverpool would feel confident about facing Real Madrid if Jurgen Klopp's side reach the Champions League final.

Madrid are looking to secure their third successive European Cup crown after they booked their place in the Kiev final on Tuesday, having beaten Bayern Munich 4-3 on aggregate in the semifinals.

Gerrard believes Liverpool, who hold a 5-2 advantage over Roma after the first leg of their last-four tie, would not be daunted by the prospect of playing Zinedine Zidane's team, who are currently third in La Liga and struggled at times against Bayern.

Asked if Liverpool would be happier to face Madrid on BT Sport, Gerrard replied: "On what you've seen over the two legs, for sure, because you look at the Liverpool team and where they're strong.

"They can really hurt this Madrid team.

"It's an incredible achievement, third year on the spin reaching the final, but it was desperate at times.

"They were hanging on, they were all over the place at the back. This Bayern team are going to be full of regret because, over both legs, they were dominant throughout, created many, many chances and looked the far better team."

Liverpool have put on a number of scintillating displays in the Champions League this season. Laurence Griffiths/Getty Images

Liverpool are comfortably the highest-scoring team in this season's Champions League, having scored 38 times so far, with Real Madrid second best with 30 goals.

The Reds boast a prolific frontline of Mohamed Salah, Sadio Mane and Roberto Firmino that have combined to score 88 goals in all competitions so far this term.

"If you think about the amount of chances they [Madrid] have let Bayern have over the two legs I can't see Liverpool being that wasteful," Gerrard added.

"I think Liverpool are more clinical than Bayern Munich and if them chances come about in a final I think they could really hurt them."UFC has finalized a featherweight matchup between former champion Jose Aldo and Jeremy Stephens to co-headline a UFC Fight Night on July 28 in Calgary, Alberta.

Officials confirmed the event to the Calgary Sun on Friday. A main event has not yet been announced.

The UFC Fight Night, which will take place at Scotiabank Saddledome, will mark UFC's second trip to Calgary. The first live event there was UFC 149 in July 2012. It's remembered as one of the most cursed cards in UFC history, with multiple high-profile fights falling through because of injuries.

In what's become something of a running joke, UFC president Dana White has repeatedly stated over the years he "owes" Calgary an event.

Aldo (26-4) was supposed to fight in Calgary in 2012 but was one of the names to withdraw from the card. The 31-year-old Brazilian is considered the greatest featherweight of all time but has lost three of his past four bouts.

He is coming off back-to-back TKO losses to current champion Max Holloway.

Stephens (28-14) is riding a three-fight win streak. He knocked out Josh Emmett in a UFC Fight Night main event in February.So, Israel Folau is prepared to walk away from rugby union because of his religious beliefs. Will Australian rugby fall apart if its officials waved their highest paid player goodbye? No.

Was Folau's public comments that homosexuals are destined for hell unless they repented their sins hurtful, divisive and dangerous. Yes.

Would such comments upset and alienate an important sector of our community? Yes.

Should Rugby Australia have been far tougher on Folau? Yes. Yes. Yes.

Clearly petrified at contract renegotiation time of losing what was once one of their few marketable players, they have given Folau the feather-duster treatment, telling him to first go away and think about it, then opting against any sanctions.

You just wonder what a far easier target --Jacques Potgieter -- thinks about all this, especially after the then Waratahs lock was fined $20,000 for making anti-gay slurs in a 2015 match against the Brumbies. This was quickly resolved by Rugby Australia under its Inclusion Policy, with the South African immediately admitting his regret for calling an opposing player a 'f----t.'

In Folau's case, he thought about it, and instead opted to fuel the flames by using the Players Voice website to reinforce his stance that based on Biblical texts homosexuals were destined to hell.

"I was asked a question by somebody about what God's plan is for gay people. My response to the question is what I believe God's plan is for all sinners, according to my understanding of my Bible teachings....

"I do not know the person who asked the question... I believed he was looking for guidance and I answered him honestly and from the heart. I know a lot of people will find that difficult to understand, but I believe the Bible is the truth and sometimes the truth can be difficult to hear," Folau wrote.

Israel Folau Speed Media/Icon Sportswire via Getty Images

Rugby Australia's weak-kneed approach in not sanctioning Folau won't see an enormous problem go away. If they are serious about their policy whereby players, supporters, coaches or administrators, are supposed to feel safe, welcome and included regardless of race, gender or sexuality, they have to stand up to Folau.

They haven't, and more fool them, especially when they express the limp argument that Folau "did not intend to upset people intentionally". Hate to tell you, but Folau has deeply upset people -- and his intentions must be questioned by continuing to comment on the issue. Rugby Australia has backed down. Folau certainly won't. So, it's time for some home-truths about Folau.

Editor's Picks Gay rugby club add voice to Folau debate Rugby's highest-profile referee Nigel Owens has spoken out against Israel Folau's latest comments on homosexuality, while All Blacks Brad Weber has come out firing on twitter.

Folau takes swipe at Rugby Australia CEO Israel Folau has taken a swipe at Rugby Australia CEO Raelene Castle in an online essay for PlayersVoice after the pair met alongside NSW Waratahs general manager Andrew Hore to discuss his social media post that caused a public uproar. 1 Related

Does he deserve to be Australia's highest-paid player? I think not. He hasn't exactly transformed the game since moving from the rugby league/AFL ranks in 2013, where, apart from some encouraging signs last season when he picked up his act, he has often been underwhelming. Before 2017, he was often in cruise control.

In recent days, former Wallabies coach Alan Jones has been among Folau's most vehement supporters, stressing the importance of freedom of speech. Freedom of speech should be forever defended, but there are always repercussions if comments are hurtful. Jones knows that full well.

Folau wouldn't have been so impressed with what Jones said a year ago when he described him as 'very over-rated'. "Israel can't pass the ball... He can't set people up," Jones said.

Jones was not alone in those beliefs. Numerous opposing coaches, in particular the All Blacks' Steve Hansen and England's Eddie Jones, have worked Folau out. The All Blacks know how to turn him and run around him, (remember how easily New Zealand winger Rieko Ioane embarrassingly cruised past him to score in Sydney last August), while Jones has nullified Folau in numerous England Tests by using the box kick to isolate him.Indian shooting history was created on Friday at New Delhi's Karni Singh Shooting Range as two shooters won medals at the ISSF World Cup Final.

A bronze medal for Amanpreet Singh in the 50m pistol and a silver by Sangram Dahiya in the double trap shotgun took India's total medal haul to three overall -- the country's best-ever haul in what is the international shooting calendar's year-ending event.

Singh and Dahiya's medals were also historic in the sense that they would be the last an Indian would win in those events. In February this year, the international federation eliminated both the 50m pistol and the double trap from the list of events for the Olympic Games and the World Cups. The World Cup Final in Delhi was the last tournament of its nature to feature the two events.

Editor's Picks Heena and Jitu strike up golden partnership Paired alongside Heena Sidhu, Jitu Rai won gold in the 10m air pistol mixed-team event at the World Cup finals in New Delhi, his first-ever gold medal at a World Cup.

World No. 1 Mittal to continue with double trap till 2018 Asian Games Going into the ISSF World Cup Final as one of the favourites, double trap shooter Ankur Mittal is planning to shift to the trap event post the 2018 Asian Games as his current event is no longer a part of the Olympics. 1 Related

However, neither Singh nor Dahiya are prepared to put down their respective weapons just yet. On Saturday evening, the two will board a flight to Australia, where they will be competing in the Commonwealth Shooting Championships.

While shooters from other countries have been slowly switching over to Olympic-recognized events, both Singh -- who also shoots the 10m air pistol, which is still an Olympic event -- and Dahiya have been focusing on what are expected to be obsolete events. Their goal is next year's Commonwealth Games in which the double trap and free pistol (50m pistol) remain medal events.

"Right now I shoot both air pistol and free pistol. I will continue shooting this for the next year at least. I had reduced training for air pistol over the last two months because I had qualified for World Cup Final," says Singh. His thoughts are echoed by Dahiya too. "Yes, other shooters are switching to single trap but I will be shooting double trap for the Commonwealth and Asian Games next year and also the World Championships," says the 27-year old.

Amanpreet Singh. Getty Images

There is a good reasoning involved for the decisions. With other international competitors already making the shift to Olympic events, competition in the double trap and free pistol is steadily declining. Both Dahiya and Singh had achieved limited international success until the decision was made to remove the two events from the Olympic program. Singh, 30, won his first World Cup medal in February this year, in what was his 21st World Cup, while Sangram had never won a World Cup medal until Friday.

In the World Cup Final, both shooters benefited. Singh had a poor score of 545 in qualifying but still made it to the final because there were only seven shooters in the competition. "It was very frustrating in qualifying. I wasn't getting my trigger release working smoothly. So I was a little upset. I kept making mistakes in getting the timing of my release going. Normally I shoot 560 and above, so to qualify with 545 was lucky," he admits.

Singh rode his luck in the final round too which saw exceptionally weak shooting across the board. He shot just six scores above ten out of the 22 shots he fired off. Gold medalist Damir Mikec shot just 9 in 24 shots.

Dahiya too profited from a relatively weak field with just four of the 11 participants even competing at the 2016 Olympics. However, this takes away little from Dahiya's strong run in the qualification where he finished first with a score of 144 out of a possible 150. Eventually, the Indian was left behind by a near-flawless Hu Binyuan of China. Binyuan -- the only Olympic medalist (2008 bronze) in the final -- set a new world record, shooting 79 out of a possible 80. Dahiya shot a commendable 76. "There's nothing to do when someone is shooting like that," he said.

While the medals are significant enough, they have additional significance for both Dahiya and Singh. "The last time I won a World Cup medal, my scores immediately started getting better because I felt better about myself. Winning a medal at a world level improves your confidence. I can say to myself, 'If you can win a medal at a World Cup, you can do it in other competitions too.' It keeps adding up," says Singh.

"I know I will have to focus entirely on the air pistol eventually. In the past, I would train for the free pistol in the morning and the air pistol in the afternoon sessions. Maybe in the future I will train for the air pistol in the morning when I am fresh. But I'm not worried about that. I feel the technique is similar for both events. It is mostly a matter of confidence," he adds.Arsene Wenger shares his disappointment following Arsenal's Europa League exit and provides an update on Laurent Koscielny's injury. (1:48)

Outgoing Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger admitted he is "very sad to leave the club with this exit" after the Gunners were knocked out of the Europa League by Atletico Madrid on Thursday.

Wenger's hopes of ending his 22-year reign with at trophy ended with a 1-0 loss that put Atletico through to the final with a 2-1 aggregate score.

It means Arsenal's season is effectively over, as the three remaining Premier League games will only determine whether the team finishes sixth or seventh -- their worst-ever campaign under Wenger.

"I'm very, very sad to leave the club with this exit," Wenger told a news conference. "I'm like the team, very sad and very disappointed. Overall I'm even very frustrated as well.

"When you go out of a competition and give the performances we did over 180 minutes, it's very difficult to take."

Wenger also told BT Sport football "can be very cruel," adding: "The suffering is very strong tonight."

Arsene Wenger could be managing his last European game at Arsenal against Atletico Madrid. Photo by Stuart MacFarlane/Arsenal FC via Getty Images)

The loss also means Arsenal will not take part in the Champions League next season for the second consecutive year, after participating in every campaign under Wenger since 1998-99, his second full season in charge.

However, Wenger suggested he believes he's leaving Arsenal in a good position to return to form.

"Now for the club, they've got some time to think about what to do for next season. I think there are some good ingredients in our team and they will bounce back," he said. "These players have quality and with the right additions in the summer, they have the ingredients to compete next year."

In the first leg, Arsenal paid the price for not making more of their one-man advantage as Atletico had a player sent off after just 10 minutes but still rescued a 1-1 draw.

Diego Costa then scored the winner in the return leg after shrugging off Hector Bellerin and finishing off a quick counter just before halftime for his fourth goal in seven career games against Arsenal.

"We missed something in the final third because we had plenty of opportunities," Wenger said. "If you look at the number of chances we created over the two games, the least you can say is that we can be very frustrated.

"In the first game, the tie should be over and in the second game, in the first half, we had plenty of opportunities but we always missed something in the final ball."There was a time when Liverpool and Chelsea were happy to see themselves as opposites. Rewind to a rivalry that developed rapidly and vitriolically when Rafa Benitez and Jose Mourinho took charge of the two clubs. Traditional force vs. nouveaux riches, northerners vs. southerners, Champions League winners vs. Premier League champions, the two liked to prove they were the antithesis of the other.

Now, in a way, they are opposites again; in the technical areas, anyway. Antonio Conte is the anti-Jurgen Klopp. Or maybe Klopp is the anti-Conte. Whichever, more divides than unites the men who will be yards apart, barking out orders on Sunday. The Italian may sport a designer suit. The German will almost certainly be in his club tracksuit. It is a sign of his informality.

His language is sprinkled with references to "Hendo", "Milly" and "Bobby". He deploys his players' nicknames. His Chelsea counterpart often uses their surnames. Klopp exudes warmth. Conte can have a coldness.

Their attitudes seem apparent in their seasons and, perhaps, their tactics. Klopp represents incessant attacking, Conte a calculated defensiveness. Klopp's positivity has transmitted itself to his players and, at times, the Liverpool crowd. Their Champions League run has owed much to a sense of optimism, an idea that with shared belief and effort presents boundless opportunity. Chelsea have seemed infected by Conte's negativity, his bad moods reflected in their spate of red cards, his can't-do mentality echoed in his side's seeming belief from the season's start that they could not retain their title.

They have set the tone. And yet if Klopp appears the maverick, he is actually more of the company man. He never criticises his club; indeed, he is often a quirkily effective front man, lending good public relations with his personality. In contrast, Conte's complaints about Chelsea's transfers have become a recurring theme. His discontent has been made public.

Conte is high maintenance, Klopp much less demanding. He demonstrates more understanding of his employers' situation. He gives the impression he is working with them, Conte in spite of them. The summer transfer window closed without Liverpool signing a centre-back; Klopp voiced no dissent and eventually landed his preferred target, Virgil van Dijk, who had also been wanted by Chelsea. The comparison between a manager who got his preferred options -- Van Dijk, Mohamed Salah and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain, for whom Chelsea bid -- and the one who ended up with a series of compromise choices seems one to irritate Conte as, aspirationally, he has cast covetous glances at his ideal additions. Liverpool have brought in quality, Chelsea have merely signed in larger quantities.

Antonio Conte and Jurgen Klopp go face-to-face on Sunday. Julian Finney/Getty Images

Yet it helps Klopp's cause that, because he is more willing to work with the players at his disposal, he does not end up buying for buying's sake. If it highlights the Liverpool manager's greater faith in players -- and perhaps, by extension, people -- it is shown in differing approaches to squad players and youngsters alike. Conte has promoted Andreas Christensen but most of Chelsea's other fringe figures have been discarded and their academy products loaned out. Klopp has a homegrown 19-year-old, Trent Alexander-Arnold, starting a Champions League semi-final. Conte never gave Dominic Solanke an appearance at Chelsea; Klopp has granted him 25 for Liverpool and, if he has been underwhelming, the forward nonetheless highlights the German's belief in potential.

Conte looks for the finished article. Perhaps that is understandable. If he is a short-term manager and Klopp takes the long-term perspective, each is both a product of his environment and shaping it. The older man, Klopp, lasted seven years at both Mainz and Borussia Dortmund; he has a six-year contract at Anfield. He does not share Conte's impatience. He had less of an immediate impact but is likely to last longer. If Klopp has often felt the great lost Arsenal manager, it would have been intriguing if he would ever have taken the Chelsea job; perhaps not, given his ethos seems so different from theirs and Roman Abramovich's habit of sacking managers who do not win the league.

Which Conte did in his first season. One possible scenario this summer, if Real Madrid win the Champions League is that Chelsea win the FA Cup and sack Conte after two trophies in two seasons whereas Klopp cruises on at Liverpool with no silverware to show for three campaigns.

Yet both have been transformative. Conte changed Chelsea's tactics, altering the angles and confounding opponents with his switch to 3-4-2-1 whereas Klopp reinvented Liverpool's style of play, inverting the forward line, removing the specialist striker, making them narrower and faster.

The Italian's switch was a short-term success, landing Chelsea the title last season. The German's looks a more lasting approach; his imprint may be apparent at Anfield for longer than Conte's is at Stamford Bridge. Perhaps his Liverpool have specialised in brilliant performances, often against the elite, whereas Conte's Chelsea, at their best, were the more clinical winners. Liverpool took four points off Chelsea last season, winning the battle and losing the war, and there is the chance of a role reversal now. Yet even if that is the case, perhaps the simple conclusion is that Conte did the better job last season whereas Klopp is doing his to a higher standard now. But they have approached those jobs in wildly different ways.Vanuatu 238 for 5 (Dunn 86, Rasu 69, Matautaava 53, Saif 3-51) beat Denmark 234 for 9 (Bulow 57, Hamid 50, Matautaava 3-39) by five wickets

Shane Deitz flicks off his pads for runs through the leg side Peter Della Penna

Vanuatu's late rally after three consecutive losses at the start of the WCL Division Four has put Denmark's final-standings fate out of their own hands as the NiVans upended the Danes by five wickets with as many balls to spare at the Kinrara Academy Oval to become the first team all week to successfully chase a target at the ground.

Overhauling Denmark's 234 with half-centuries from the top three - vice-captain Jonathon Dunn (86 off 139 balls), Joshua Rasu (69 off 77), and Patrick Matautaava (53 off 42) - Vanuatu registered their second successful chase in three days. Dunn had scored only 15 runs in Malaysia coming into the match while Matautaava more than doubled his week-long output of 49 runs. Rasu ended three runs short of doubling his group-stage tally.

All three were due for a score, particularly Matautaava after his Player-of-the-Tournament performance at Division Five in September, and they came up trumps in style against Denmark. Dunn and Rasu put on 116 for the first wicket before Matautaava took over following the dismissal of Rasu. Matautaava blasted his way to a half-century off 33 balls, putting Denmark in serious jeopardy of not only losing outright, but also losing their net-run-rate tiebreaker advantage over Jersey.

Denmark entered the day with a 12.2 over or 54-run net positive differential with Jersey on the net-run-rate tiebreaker. At one stage, thanks to Matautaava's blitz which took the score to 167 for 1 in 31 overs, most of that differential was on the brink of being wiped out. But the spin troika of Bashir Shah, Nicolaj Laegsgaard and Saif Ahmad dug deep to stretch the game into the final over, with Saif nipping out Matautaava and captain Andrew Mansale to slow Vanuatu's charge and, in the process, help preserve some of their tiebreak advantage over Jersey in spite of the loss. Shane Deitz, however, whacked a six off the first ball of the final over to seal the chase.

Vanuatu's bowlers set up the win with an excellent display at the death after Denmark had set themselves up for a launch from 182 for 4 at the 40-over mark thanks to half-centuries from Anders Bulow and captain Hamid Shah. But the middle order failed to kick on, adding only 40 through the next eight overs before Nalin Nipiko and Matautaava took two wickets each off four consecutive balls to end the 49th and start the 50th.

Denmark will now rely on help from Uganda and Bermuda in matches to be replayed on Sunday in order to keep Jersey or Malaysia from leapfrogging them on the net-run-rate tiebreaker and into the promotion slots to move up to Division Three.In August last year, Viswanathan Anand spoke of his dominance in the faster time controls with a hint of nostalgia. It was just after he had finished ninth among 10 players at the St Louis rapid and blitz chess tournament. Six months since, he has already won two rapid titles: one offering him the crown of a world champion and the other coming after having beaten a 10-man strong field. He now addresses his earlier travails in the format like an inexplicable chapter.

"I was feeling quite down when we spoke about rapid chess last August," Anand tells ESPN from Moscow. "I had really wondered where it had gone. I'm in a completely different place now. I feel more comfortable saying that my rehabilitation in rapid chess is well under way."

Editor's Picks Anand: Becoming world champion again is the most amazing feeling The title win at the World Rapid Championship in Riyadh gives Viswanathan Anand a much-needed boost at the end of an otherwise forgettable year and shows why the 48-year-old can't be counted out just yet.

Anand's last-minute entry and win at the World Rapid Championships in Riyadh last December was smack out of the blue. It wasn't expected that the 48-year-old Grandmaster would defeat reigning world champion Magnus Carlsen in 34 moves in the ninth round and go on to finish the tournament unbeaten. But his Tal Memorial win on Sunday was to serve as validation, telling the world that his story is that of a remarkable turnaround, not a one-time wonder.

"Actually when we spoke last year I really wanted to sit down and figure out what I should do about the faster time controls, but I never got the time to actually do it," says the five-time world champion. "I still had classical events to play before I could worry about tournaments in future. So my recovery in rapid chess, you can say, happened without any particular work or planning, and I can't even say why or how it did. Maybe sometimes deep down if you have the desire to change some trend it helps you focus. That definitely happened in Riyadh. It's good to have a confirmation and prove yourself in both formats [Swiss in the World Rapid Championship and single round robin at the Tal Memorial]. So now not only am I the current world rapid champion, I also have this very strong addition with my Tal Memorial title."

Having entered the final day's play sharing the joint top spot with Shakhriyar Mamedyarov, Anand broke away to take sole lead in the penultimate round with a win over Alexander Grischuk. He finished the tournament with six points out of a possible nine, a full point ahead of Hikaru Nakamura, Sergey Karjakin and Mamedyarov in a field that had four players headed to the Candidates tournament, to stake claim as the World Championship challenger.

Nine rounds of rapid chess at Tal were followed by 13 rounds of blitz, which Karjakin went on to win. Anand finished ninth with six points.

"On the last day -- I had two blacks -- I felt that with my openings it would be easier to strike with one white game that I had," Anand says. "I couldn't tell if Mamedyarov had slowed down considerably after the draws but it seemed to me that he took his foot off the pedal a bit. For me the critical game was one against Grischuk because in both the black games I had easy draws but in this game we had a very intense struggle. He's the kind of player who never really settles but always pushes for his chances. Even though he was trailing in the tournament, he was trying to catch up with the leaders. He believed that he was close to winning -- which I too felt about my chances -- or at the very least had a big advantage. And the strange thing is, though he was slightly closer to the truth, he underestimated my resources. After I finished the game, I turned back and saw that Mamedyarov had in fact lost to [Daniil] Dubov and that took the pressure off me completely."

Viswanathan Anand (centre) beat Vladimir Fedoseev (right) in a two-game tie-break to win gold at the 2017 World Rapid & Blitz Championship in Riyadh. Ian Nepomniachtchi (left) finished third. Salah Malkawi/ Getty Images

For Anand though, the day of the final round didn't get off to a favourable start. He missed the bus from his hotel to the venue and just about managed to reach in time for his game.

"Our bus driver decided to play it safe and leave early because of the heavy snowfall," he says. "I got there in a cab with about two minutes to spare. For me the tricky bit would have been the first game but luckily I managed a comfortable draw with Karjakin, which took the pressure off right away."

It also helped that he wasn't entirely new to the experience.

During the 128-player knockout World Championships in 2001, the car ferrying Anand and his wife to the venue broke down in the middle of a traffic-choked road a kilometre from the Kremlin in Moscow. It was minutes before his tiebreak against French Grandmaster Olivier Touzane.

"We realized it was hopeless to wait for another car, so we just walked," he says. "Funnily enough that game was one where I could have been eliminated from the tournament but I survived that and won, and it ended up being a good day. And now so did this one."LOS ANGELES -- Katrina Prendergast and Ellen Secor turned a late deficit into a Colorado State rally to capture their first USGA title.

The duo won three straight holes late in the championship match of the U.S. Women's Amateur Four-Ball against teenagers Yachun Chang and Lei Ye and pulled off a 1-up victory at El Caballero Country Club in Tarzana.

In chilly, windy conditions Wednesday in the San Fernando Valley, Ye and Chang appeared to seize control by winning the 13th and 14th holes for a 2-up lead.

The Colorado State teammates won the 15th hole with a par. Secor holed a 12-foot birdie putt on the par-3 16th hole to square the match for the fifth time. They took the lead on the par-5 17th when Prendergast two-putted from long range for birdie.

Ye missed a 7-foot birdie putt on the final hole that would have forced extra hole.

It's the second straight year college teammates have won the event. Taylor Totland and Alice Chen of Furman won last year.

Colorado State coach Annie Thurman also has a USGA heritage, with a victory in U.S. Women's Amateur Public Links in 2002 and a win with the 2004 Curtis Cup team.

Prendergast and Secor now head to Austin, Texas, for the NCAA regionals, where they are competing as individuals.RIYAD (Saudi Arabia) -- Viswanathan Anand beat Russia's Vladimir Fedoseev 2-0 in a blitz tie-break to win the World Rapid Championship in Riyadh.

Anand had earlier been joint leader along with Vladimir Fedoseev and Ian Nepomniachtchi, also of Russia, at 10.5 points from a possible 15. He was unbeaten at the end of fifteen rounds, with six wins and nine draws.

Thanks all!! Feeling is like floating. My head keeps playing the song... we are the champions! The words ring so true. More on this moment after the blitz! - Viswanathan Anand (@vishy64theking) 28 December 2017

One of those wins came against world No. 1 Magnus Carlsen in the ninth round. Anand, who lost the 2013 World Championship to Carlsen, won in 34 moves.

Ju Wenjun of China won the Women's Rapid Championship.Lewis Hamilton is concerned a dangerous precedent has been set after Sebastian Vettel was not penalised for driving erratically ahead of the first Safety Car restart at the Azerbaijan Grand Prix.

The Safety Car made two appearances during Sunday's race and the first came at the end of lap one after a series of accidents left cars and debris strewn across the track. Vettel was leading the race from Hamilton at the time and as the Safety Car returned to the pits on lap five ahead of the restart, it was down to the Ferrari driver to control the pace of the pack.

Baku's long pit straight means restarts have the potential to be dramatic in Azerbaijan as the lead car has to avoid overtaking the Safety Car before it gets to the pits while also guarding against the car behind getting a slipstream down to Turn 1. In this instance Vettel left his acceleration relatively late, which is allowed under the regulations, and spent a long period of time warming up his tyres by accelerating and braking before finally pinning the accelerator to restart the race.

Article 39.13 of the sporting regulations states "in order to avoid the likelihood of accidents before the Safety Car returns to the pits, from the point at which the lights on the car are turned out drivers must proceed at a pace which involves no erratic acceleration or braking nor any other manoeuvre which is likely to endanger other drivers or impede the restart." While it is very much open to interpretation by the stewards, it is this part of the regulations that Hamilton believes Vettel was in breach of.

"The rules are that, when the Safety Car goes, you are not allowed to start and stop, start and stop," he said. "You are not allowed to gas and then brake and you are not allowed to fake the guy behind. Naturally, if there was not that rule that is what you would do because it would eventually catch them sleeping. But you are not allowed to do that.

Sebastian Vettel led the pack at the first Safety Car restart in Baku. Dan Istitene/Getty Images

"You are allowed to weave but you are not allowed to start and stop, start and stop -- that's against the rules. If you look at all the times and examples -- particularly the four restarts I did last year -- I didn't do that and I abided by the rules.

"In Australia, Sebastian accelerated and then braked and I nearly went up the back end of him. In Baku he did it like four times. I need to speak to Charlie [Whiting, FIA race director] because I don't fully understand it. As far as I'm aware Charlie passed it on to the stewards and the stewards didn't do anything about it. I think the stewards supposedly said that all the other cars were doing it, but we are the leaders so it cascades down and it's a domino effect. So what the first car does, everyone does the same thing."

Whiting confirmed the FIA stewards had looked at the restart, but believed there was nothing wrong with Vettel's conduct.

"I think he [Vettel] controlled it very well but it's up to the leading driver to say when we go," Whiting explained. "Unlike some other series, they have an acceleration zone, a place where you can accelerate. You can't do it before or after that. Once it goes green, the Safety Car comes into the pits, it's up to the leader to decide when he is going to go.

"This is a tricky place, they catch the Safety Car too early if they go too quickly. I think Seb controlled it well. There was a bit of a complaint from Lewis that he wasn't going at a constant rate, but if you look down the field, there's a few places where that happens. To expect them to go at one speed doesn't happen. So long as no one does anything dangerous, we're happy."

But Hamilton said he would raise the issue at the next drivers' briefing at the Spanish Grand Prix as he is concerned Vettel's actions set a dangerous precedent for F1 and the categories below.

"If the rules aren't clear, that now sets a precedent, so anyone who is leading a grand prix under a Safety Car can start and stop -- and that goes the same down to Formula 2, Formula 3, Formula 4 because they are not going to get penalised. I don't understand, because the rule is that you're not allowed to. So I need to get that rectified when we next have the briefing, because clearly they don't care about it and if that's the case we will see more of it.

"I will expect that from him next time I'm racing and I will prepare for it. If you noticed, I already put my car to the right to avoid a collision because he was starting and stopping, otherwise I would tuck in behind."Welterweight world titleholder Errol Spence Jr.'s homecoming title defense is set.

Spence will make a mandatory defense against Carlos Ocampo on June 16 (Showtime) at the Ford Center at The Star in Frisco, Texas, TGB Promotions announced Monday.

The fight will headline the first boxing card inside the 12,000-seat Ford Center, which is part of the Dallas Cowboys' training facility and team headquarters.

Spence, from nearby DeSoto, Texas, will be fighting in his home region for the only the second time since turning pro following his run at the 2012 Olympics.

"I'm honored to be fighting in Dallas before my hometown fans and the people who have supported me from the beginning," said Spence, who last fought in Dallas in 2015, when he knocked out Alejandro Barrera in the fifth round. "This is something I've been wanting to do for a while now. It's going to be great to fight at The Star, and because I'm a big Dallas Cowboys fan, I'm looking forward to fighting on the campus of Dallas Cowboys world headquarters."

The Spence and Ocampo teams came to terms for the fight in early March, but several venues were in the running for the bout.

"Errol Spence Jr. has emerged as one of the most exciting champions in the sport today with a combination of skills that he has crafted into a fan-friendly style,'' TGB Promotions president Tom Brown said. "This is an opportunity for Errol to defend his title before the fans in his hometown and to continue to demonstrate why he is the top man in the 147-pound division. Carlos Ocampo, a young hungry contender, will certainly bring his A-game, and that will bring out the best in Errol."

Undefeated welterweight champion Errol Spence Jr., right, will help open the Cowboys' training facility to boxing fights when he defends his title against Carlos Ocampo. AP Photo/Frank Franklin II

Spence (23-0, 20 KOs), a 28-year-old southpaw, will be making his second title defense. In May, he traveled to Kell Brook's hometown of Sheffield, England, and knocked him out in the 11th round to win a 147-pound world title before he made his first defense Jan. 20, stopping former titlist Lamont Peterson in the seventh round in Brooklyn, New York.

"I believe that I'm the No. 1 fighter in the welterweight division, and I'll step into the ring on June 16 with that feeling," Spence said. "I'm going to draw from the energy of my fans. I've studied some of Ocampo and I can tell he likes to box, but he's willing to get into a fight. I know how he feels going into someone else's hometown for his first shot at the title. This is his big opportunity, and it's going to make this a great event."

Ocampo (22-0, 13 KOs), 22, of Mexico, is a prospect who has yet to face a top opponent, so he will come into the fight with Spence taking an enormous step up in competition. He is coming off a seventh-round knockout of Dario Ferman on Nov. 11 in Mexico.

As he prepares for his United States debut, Ocampo is looking forward to the biggest fight of his career.

"I'm training very hard for my fight against Errol Spence Jr.," Ocampo said. "This is the opportunity that I've worked my whole life to get, and I'm coming to take Spence's belt on June 16. I will give the fans a very exciting fight and show once again what Mexican fighters are made of."

Cowboys chief operating officer Stephen Jones, son of team owner Jerry Jones, said the organization is looking forward to hosting a hometown fighter in a world title defense.

"It's known how energetic and exciting the sport of boxing is, but to be able to host IBF world champion Errol Spence Jr. here at The Star to represent our city and his hometown will be an unforgettable experience for all," Stephen Jones said.Delon Perera: Would like to hear what the umpires said after inspecting the outfield before play at the 18th mile grounds in Katunayaka, Sri Lanka

Gautam Bhimani: St Lucia. We had booked a boat to go out to snorkel. We were asked to wait 20 minutes. Why? The three boatmen had to finish a grudge beach cricket match

Mohit Choudhary: Rolling in the deep - a pitch roller left alone during the rains in one of the maidans of Mumbai

Vinay Kulkarni: Even the keeper seems to want to bat during this game near Morro Bay in central California

Varun Luthra : A day before the construction begins for the new home, children made sure they didn't lose the opportunity for one final time on their favourite pitch in Zirakpur, Punjab

Ravendran Arunothayan : The Taj Mahal is in the background, but all eyes are on the ball in this game in Agra

ABOUT COOKIES

We use cookies to help make this website better, to improve our services and for advertising purposes. You can learn more about our use of cookies and change your browser settings in order to avoid cookies by clicking here. Otherwise, we'll assume you are OK to continue.

ContinueArsene Wenger shares his disappointment following Arsenal's Europa League exit and provides an update on Laurent Koscielny's injury. (1:48)

Arsene Wenger will not get his glorious farewell. Arsenal are out of the Europa League, having fallen victim to a familiar foe in Diego Costa.

It was the former Chelsea man who capitalised on a defensive error to score the goal that sealed Atletico Madrid's 1-0 victory, although in reality it was Antoine Griezmann's late strike in the first leg that was more decisive in the Gunners' 2-1 aggregate defeat.

Positives

It's difficult to find positives on a night when Arsenal's season has effectively ended. Wenger will be pleased with the confidence his team showed in possession, but they failed to take advantage of their good territorial positions. Perhaps the most encouraging aspect of the performance was the way in which young centre-half Calum Chambers responded to the challenge after coming on in the first half.

Negatives

Even the most disgruntled Arsenal fans must have hoped they could give Wenger a celebratory send-off in Lyon. Now, they know he will depart the club without ever having landed that elusive European trophy.

It was also sad to see Laurent Koscielny go off with what has been reported to be a ruptured Achilles. That will probably be the end of not just his season, but also his World Cup hopes. It's sad to see a loyal servant suffer such a serious blow.

Manager rating out of 10

5 -- Wenger now knows that his last season at Arsenal will be his worst. There's no silverware forthcoming, and his final few games will now be relatively meaningless. On the night, he may reflect on his decision not to start with either Petr Cech or Henrikh Mkhitaryan.

Player ratings (1-10; 10 = best. Players introduced after 70 minutes get no rating)

GK David Ospina, 5 -- Will Wenger regret opting for the Colombian in his hour of need? When Costa raced through on goal, Ospina somehow managed to make himself look even smaller than usual. His kicking was somewhat inconsistent too.

DF Hector Bellerin, 4 -- This was a disappointing night for Bellerin. Not only did he allow Costa to run off him in the build-up to the goal, but his crossing was also disastrous. Had his final ball been better, Arsenal might have offered a greater threat to the Atletico goal.

DF Laurent Koscielny, 5 -- What a sad sight it was to see Koscielny stretchered from the field in such visible pain.

Calum Chambers walks off the pitch after Arsenal's Europa League defeat at Atletico Madrid. Catherine Ivill/Getty Images

DF Shkodran Mustafi, 6 -- The German international was bullied by Costa throughout the 90 minutes. On several occasions, he was bailed out by Chambers -- theoretically his junior partner. Unfortunately, Koscielny's injury means Arsenal probably need to keep Mustafi next season.

DF Nacho Monreal, 6 -- Much like Bellerin, Monreal wasted a string of opportunities to pick out his man from the flank. He looked a touch slower than usual -- perhaps the effects of a long season are finally taking their toll.

MF Granit Xhaka, 7 -- One of Arsenal's better performers on the night, Xhaka kept things moving as the Gunners looked to exert pressure on the Atletico goal. He also came closer to scoring than most, forcing a good save from Jan Oblak with a long-distance drive.

MF Aaron Ramsey, 6 -- In the first half, Ramsey was outstanding. However, in the second he was a little guilty of trying to do too much on his own. He found space on several occasions on the left flank, but couldn't make the most of it.

MF Jack Wilshere, 5 -- Unfortunately, this was the sort of performance that has become typical of Wilshere in the past few months. His passing was not as crisp as you'd hope, and he got himself booked after getting unnecessarily involved in some argy-bargy.

FW Mesut Ozil, 6 -- He was probably Arsenal's most threatening player, but fans are probably entitled to expect more from the highest-paid player in the club's history. It will be interesting to see to what extent the next manager will be prepared to indulge him.

FW Danny Welbeck, 6 -- Worked hard as ever but didn't manage to get away a shot at goal. Welbeck will probably look back on the chance he missed in the first leg ruefully.

FW Alexandre Lacazette, 6 -- Like Welbeck, Lacazette toiled but without any real reward. As someone who came very close to joining Atletico last summer, this result will really sting.

Substitutes

DF Calum Chambers, 8 -- Replaced Koscielny and performed superbly in difficult circumstances. This was one of Chambers' best Arsenal performances to date.

MF Henrikh Mkhitaryan, 6 -- Came on for Wilshere and came close with a dipping volley.It's kind of a good news, bad news situation: Serena Williams, the Open era Grand Slam singles champions, is sitting on the sidelines, patiently biding her time before jumping back into the tournament fray. Victoria Azarenka, another former No. 1, is still sorting out her custody issues. And career Grand-Slammer Maria Sharapova is just returning from another injury.

It has to be disconcerting for the WTA as the Euroclay season picks up steam without these megastars, but for opportunists, this isn't the worst situation. That group includes a U.S. contingent of 15 women presently ranked in the top 100. Do any of them have a shot at breaking through? Let's look at the top U.S. contenders:

No. 8 Venus Williams

Career on clay: 169-57 (9 titles)

Record last 52 weeks on clay: 6-2

At age 37, Williams is in a bit of a bind. She's ranked No. 8 in the world and has been a French Open finalist (albeit way back in 2002). But she's cut back her schedule drastically, and clay is a surface that rewards players who take the time to get in a groove over the course of weeks. Last year, Williams played just one clay event before Roland Garros, winning three matches in Rome. She still made the fourth round of the French Open. It's hard to imagine her doing better than that; easy to see her doing worse.

No. 9 Sloane Stephens

Career on clay: 68-40 (1 title)

Record last 52 weeks on clay: 2-1

Stephens had the misfortune to run into very hot fellow countrywoman CoCo Vandeweghe in the first round of Stuttgart last week. The result was a terrible 6-1, 6-0 beating. But Stephens likes playing on clay. She has cat-like quickness, a versatile, many-hued game, and a low-stress way of moving that's easy on the body. She is rarin' to go in Europe, having missed it last year because of injury. A perennial fourth-round player in Paris, Stephens may be ready for the next step or two -- or three.

Editor's Picks Williams could be seeded at Wimbledon Wimbledon chiefs are seeking clarification over whether seven-time champion Serena Williams, now World No. 449, can be seeded at this year's Championships.

Higher seeds ousted in 1st round in Munich Fifth-seeded Fabio Fognini lost 5-7, 6-3, 6-2 to Italian compatriot Marco Cecchinato on a day of upsets at the Munich Open on Tuesday.

Nadal takes the plunge after Barcelona win Rafael Nadal celebrated his 11th title at the Barcelona Open by taking a shirtless-plunge into a swimming pool with the tournament's ball boys and girls. 2 Related

No. 13 CoCo Vandeweghe

Career on clay: 32-37 (0 titles)

Record last 52 weeks on clay: 7-4

The most telling detail in Vandeweghe's resume might be that, thanks to her recent win over Simona Halep in Stuttgart, is that she's now 3-1 over top-ranked players. That's how dangerous -- and overpowering -- she can be. But consistency has always been her shortcoming, and that's merely the ante at the high-stakes clay table. A mercurial 26-year-old, Vandeweghe is a terrific, bold shot-maker. She has great power, strong legs and good stamina. Her movement is solid given her large 6-foot-1 frame. But she needs to learn to keep two things under control: her temper and the ball. It's not like they're not related.

No. 14 Madison Keys

Career on clay: 47-29 (0 titles)

Record last 52 weeks on clay: 5-5

Keys has made a specialty of losing very close matches on red dirt to solid clay-court players. If she gets over that hump, she could do real damage. Like Vandeweghe, she's a ferocious ball-striker with excellent movement for a big person. But she's always had trouble staying dialed in, set to set, match-to-match. That's a critical flaw on clay, where consistency rules. But clay works to the advantage of big hitters in one subtle way: The slow pace of the court gives them more time to reach a ball, set up, and give it a ride. From there, it becomes a matter of consistency and accuracy.

No. 44 Catherine Bellis

Career on clay: 18-15 (0 titles)

Record last 52 weeks on clay: 8-4

Bellis has some of the earmarks of a great clay-court competitor, even though her best results have been on hard courts. She's just 5-foot-7, and while she lacks pre-emptive firepower, she has compact strokes. She's also mobile, consistent and mentally ever-present, much like seven-time French Open champ Chris Evert. Sure, it's a different game these days, but there's always room in the clay game for the quick, steady counterpuncher. Bellis could become that if she takes it upon herself to master the nuances of this part of the season.

No. 45 Danielle Collins

Career on clay: 0-0

Record last 52 weeks on clay: 0-0

This two-time NCAA singles champ -- and recent surprise semifinalist at the Miami Open -- has shot up in the rankings. Collins is an intelligent, resourceful late-bloomer of 24 who has a great deal of poise. She moves well and plays a probing, aggressive baseline game. She's 53-22 over the past year in pro tournaments that award WTA rankings points. Will her impressive game translate on clay?

The others

After Collins, there's a 30-place drop-off for the Americans to No. 75 Varvara Lepchenko. Filling out the top 100 for the U.S. women are: Sachia Vickery (No. 78), Jennifer Brady (No. 81) Taylor Townsend (No. 85), Christina McHale (No. 90), Sofia Kenin (No. 92), Alison Riske (No. 94), Madison Brengle (No. 97) and Bernarda Pera (No. 98).

Shelby Rogers isn't even in the top 100. At No. 107, she's on the bubble for qualifying for the French Open, where she was a surprise quarterfinalist in 2016. It's a reminder that anything can happen, and the more players you have in the mix, the more unpredictable the results will be.

For the American women, the sheer number of contenders suggests unpredictable to evolve into Cinderella story by the time Roland Garros concludes.Tiger Woods has steadily built up momentum in his return to competitive golf with multiple top-5 finishes. (1:04)

Best of Tiger in 2018 ... so far (1:04)

Tiger Woods returned to the big stage in December at the Hero World Challenge, an unofficial event on the PGA Tour calendar but a massive one for the sport. No one, including Woods himself, quite knew what to expect. He had not played since February. He was just seven months removed from back fusion surgery, which, by the way, was the fourth procedure he'd undergone on his back since 2014. He was 1,199th in the Official World Golf Rankings.

Editor's Picks Why this week at Quail Hollow matters for Tiger Woods After a three-week layoff since the Masters, Tiger Woods is back. Here's what to watch (and expect) from this trip to Quail Hollow.

"I've been in bed for about two years and hadn't been able to do much," Woods said.

Then he played -- all four rounds. A second-round 65 indicated that maybe, just maybe, he wasn't going to just be able to play, but also compete.

A little less than two months later, he teed it up at the Farmers Insurance Open for his official start on the Tour. The comeback was on. This one hasn't ended quickly. The others were marked by WDs and trips to the operating room, but this return has been marked by hope and, given that it is Tiger Woods, growing expectations.

We track all his movements along the way this season as Woods tries to win again.

This Week

Wells Fargo Championship

Jamie Squire/Getty Images

Date: May 3-6

Site: Quail Hollow Golf Club

Official World Golf Ranking entering the tournament: 93

Odds to win the event: 25-1

PGA Tour

Outlook: After a nearly one-month break since his first Masters since 2015, Woods enters a back-to-back stretch that will start at the Wells Fargo Championship, then move south to the Players Championship. He will head to the first tee this week with new irons in his bag.

Phase 1 of irons development with @TaylorMadeGolf is complete. Looking forward to teeing it up this week! pic.twitter.com/Msgkyu4K0t — Tiger Woods (@TigerWoods) May 1, 2018

Woods will play alongside Masters champion Patrick Reed and defending U.S. Open champion Brooks Koepka, who will be returning for his first individual event since January after being out with a wrist injury.

Earlier this season ...

The Masters

Jamie Squire/Getty Images

Date: April 5-8

Site: Augusta National Golf Club

Official World Golf Ranking entering the tournament: 103

Odds to win the event: 12-1

Scores

Round 1: 73

Round 2: 75

Round 3: 72

Round 4: 69

Finish: T-32

Official World Golf Ranking after the tournament: 88

Tiger's takeaway

"It's disappointing that I didn't hit the ball well enough. But to be able to just be out here competing again, if you had said that last year at this particular time I would have said you're crazy. I had a hard time just sitting or walking. So now to be able to play and compete and hit the ball the way I did, that's quite a big change from last year."

Arnold Palmer Invitational

Mike Ehrmann/Getty Images

Date: March 15-18

Site: Bay Hill Club & Lodge

Official World Golf Ranking entering the tournament: 149

Odds to win the event: 13-2

PGA Tour

Scores

Round 1: 68

Round 2: 72

Round 3: 69

Round 4: 69

Finish: T-5

Official World Golf Ranking after the tournament: 105

Tiger's takeaway

"If I can play with no pain and I can feel like I can make golf swings, I'll figure it out. I'm starting to piece it together tournament by tournament and each tournament's gotten a little crisper and a little bit better."

Valspar Championship

Cliff Welch/Icon Sportswire

Date: March 1-4

Site: Innisbrook Resort (Copperhead)

Official World Golf Ranking entering the tournament: 388

Odds to win the event: 25-1

PGA Tour

Scores

Round 1: 70

Round 2: 68

Round 3: 67

Round 4: 70

Finish: T-2

Official World Golf Ranking after the tournament: 149

Tiger's takeaway

"I was close. I had a chance [to win]. Unfortunately I just didn't quite feel as sharp as I needed to with my irons, played a little conservative because of it."

Honda Classic

Andres Leiva/Zuma Press/Icon Sportswire

Date: Feb. 22-25

Site: PGA National (Champion)

Official World Golf Ranking entering the tournament: 544

Odds to win the event: 60-1

PGA Tour

Scores

Round 1: 70

Round 2: 71

Round 3: 69

Round 4: 70

Finish: 12

Official World Golf Ranking after the tournament: 389

Tiger's takeaway

"I feel like each time out I've gotten better and I've gotten more of a feel for playing tournament golf. The last couple days, it felt easy to play tournament golf. The warm up felt good. I get into the flow of the round. I could find the rhythm of the rounds faster. The more golf I'm playing tournament-wise, the faster I'm able to click into the feel of the round."

Genesis Open

AP Photo/Reed Saxon

Date: Feb. 15-18

Site: Riviera Country Club

Official World Golf Ranking entering the tournament: 550

Odds to win the event: 40-1

PGA Tour

Scores

Round 1: 72

Round 2: 76

Finish: Missed cut

Official World Golf Ranking after the tournament: 544

Tiger's takeaway

"I didn't really play that well. I missed every tee shot left and I did not putt well, didn't feel very good on the greens and consequently never made a run. I knew I had to make a run on that back nine and I went the other way."

Farmers Insurance Open

PGA Tour

Date: Jan. 25-28

Site: Torrey Pines Golf Course (South)

Official World Golf Ranking entering the tournament: 647

Odds to win the event: 25-1The top 2 remain steady in this week's edition of the Overwatch Power Rankings, but the final spots are up for grabs with four teams sitting at 4-4. (5:32)

We're in the final stretch of Stage 3, and Boston continues to win. NYXL is right behind its East Coast rival, but in terms of raw power, it's still NYXL's yard. Meanwhile, no one can figure out what's up with Seoul, and Philadelphia keeps sliding down the rankings. Editor's Picks Teams expected to look sharper at IEM Sydney A recent map pool change might make prep for IEM Sydney more difficult for teams, but the results of those preparations will weigh heavily the rest of 2018.

Geguri: 'I want to keep trying harder and make all my fans proud' It's not easy living up to the scrutiny of being the Overwatch League's first-ever female pro. But Geguri's getting by, with a little help from her fans.

Everything you need to know for Overwatch League Season 1 The Overwatch League Season 1 has a lot of moving parts to it. Come learn about the teams, structure, payout and more on the ESPN Esports Overwatch page. 2 Related

1. New York Excelsior

Movement: No movement

New York started the week looking challenged by the San Francisco Shock. Of course after the Shock took the first map, NYXL proceeded to win the series 3-1 and reaffirm its dominance. That continued later in the week with a key, decisive win over the hobbling Seoul Dynasty. Once New York got to its rival, playtime was over, and the team firmly sits at the top of the overall league standings and the power rankings.

The team's tank duo of Song "Janus" Joong-Hwa and Kim "Mano" Dong-Gyu continued to be reputable and increasingly terrifying. Mano is the go-to tank and it definitely showed this week, but Janus has settled in nicely as that extra spice. It's hard to believe that anyone can truly take down the XL this season, with how terrifying the team looks when it's at full power.

2. Boston Uprising

Movement: +1

Boston are still the kings of Stage 3 at an undefeated 8-0 and only sit below New York's excellence in the power rankings. This last week was nothing but janitor duty for the Uprising as it faced the Dallas Fuel and Shanghai Dragons. Boston missed two clean sweeps by a single map against Shanghai, but that didn't skew its dominance this week.

Lucas "NotE" Meissner has recently started receiving a lot of credit for his D.Va play, and for good reason. He is always at the right place at the right time, either syncing up dives with Noh "Gamsu" Young-Jin and Kwon "Striker" Nam-Joo, or protecting his backline. No one expected the Uprising to be at the top of the league and certainly no one expected NotE to be one of the league's best D.Va players.

3. London Spitfire

Movement: +1

The Spitfire is a continuous headache for its fans, its opponents and experts. No one knows which London is going to show up on any given day, but its good days certainly show that it's a top team. The bad days are filled with "C9"s and reverse-sweeps, but even then, the Spitfire still has a lot of bite. London was close to two wins this week in an almost-reverse-sweep of Baek "Fissure" Chan-Hyung's Gladiators, but fell just short.

The Stage 1 champions are in a hole, but it's likely that won't be the case forever. It has been made public that Kim "Birdring" Ji-Hyeok is dealing with wrist issues and a healthy return would mean big things for London. The team is getting along fine with its current DPS arrangement, but the star power that Birdring brings is sorely missed at times.

4. Los Angeles Gladiators

Movement: +3

This is a fairly generous bump for the Gladiators, but there's no denying the potential that this team's raw aggression brings to the table. Near victories against the NYXL and Valiant two weeks ago burned, but it came back to win its five-game affairs this week against London and Houston, showcasing strength on the tiebreaker map, Oasis, in both matches.

The performances of swiss-army knife DPS, Lane "Surefour" Roberts, often sways the team's results in the direction of victory or defeat; that's a boon, but it can also be a burn. Teams adapt to Surefour's dominance and the Gladiators have struggled to come up with an answer so far. The team needs more dynamic approaches to remain a consistent top team.

5. Los Angeles Valiant

Movement: No movement

The second Los Angeles team rolls in right behind the Gladiators, despite being ahead in the standings. The Valiant have benefited from dodging the XL and facing some of the strongest teams in the final week of Stage 3. However, the team's relatively consistent performances keep it near the top for now. A loss to Houston this week hurts, but the Outlaws' anti-dive style and favorable map pool certainly played a role in the LA loss.

Valiant feel like the rock of the league and a true gatekeeper at this point. It appears that it doesn't quite have the stuff to contend for the Stage 3 title, but it generally has enough in the tank to deliver competitive matches.Over-reliance on Chae "Bunny" Joon-Hyeok's performances is still a problem for the team, but he is also what makes the team dangerous against any team in the league.

6. Houston Outlaws

Movement: No movement

Houston broke one Los Angeles team in the Valiant, but just failed to crack the Gladiators when it came to Oasis. The Outlaws continue to be extremely dangerous on defense, particularly on its best maps, Temple of Anubis and Junkertown (or Jakertown). Its sophisticated approach to choke control, ultimate management, and Jacob "Jake" Lyon's Junkrat play stifles just about every team. Unfortunately, that also leaves the team with some lopsided match results based on the map pool so moving Houston higher in the ranking is difficult.

Route 66 has been the key unfavorable map for Houston so far, but the team is slowly improving and has been able to take a couple wins on it recently, instilling hope in Outlaws fans for the future. If the Outlaws can balance out its offensive approaches and extend its effective map pool, it becomes one of the most dangerous teams in the Overwatch League. Look out if they sneak into Stage 3 playoffs.

7. Philadelphia Fusion

Movement: -4

Last week, the Philadelphia Fusion only slid one spot in the power rankings despite dropping two matches. Its first loss was a close 2-3 match to the best team in OWL, the NYXL. The second, against a rising San Francisco Shock, came immediately on the heels of the loss to NY. We gave the Fusion a bit of leeway, since they played back-to-back matches on Thursday and Friday. This week, the Fusion narrowly avoided another 0-2 slide and were lackluster in both series against the Seoul Dynasty and the Shanghai Dragons. The most startling observation about the Fusion is that they just barely squeezed past the Shanghai Dragons, ultimately thanks to a few individual outplays. The Fusion are a much better team than this, and if the Dragons had better coordination, the Fusion's fall would have marked the Dragons' first victory.

8. Seoul Dynasty

Movement: +1

During the Seoul Dynasty's ill-fated 0-4 against the NYXL, South Korean caster Jang "AKaros" Ji-su remarked at how passive Seoul's offense seemed, as if they were attacking on defense instead. This summed up a continuing problem for Seoul. While on offense, it often doesn't take advantage of opportunities presented to them. Even with Ryu "Ryujehong" Je-hong back in the starting lineup, Seoul has been hesitant, as if it's waiting for a perfect moment that never comes. In the absence of flex off-tank Kim "Zunba" Joon-hyuk, Koo "Xepher" Jae-mo hasn't coordinated with main tank Gong "Miro" Jin-hyuk nearly as well, leaving Seoul's support line open to opponents at times.

9. San Francisco Shock

Movement: -1

Stage 3 is the least stratified of the Overwatch League stages thus far. Outside of the top two teams (NYXL and Boston) and the two bottom teams (Dallas and Shanghai) it's conceivable that any of the eight remaining teams could take matches off of each other. The problem with this nebulous middle is consistency. We repeat this week after week, but sometimes it just comes down to evaluating which teams make fewer mistakes. The Shock took a step backwards this week, although it admittedly faced stronger teams in the NYXL and London Spitfire. Unlike Seoul, who seem to have hit a specific wall and are attempting to fix it, all the Shock need is more time to gel as a team. Even in its losses, the Shock had their moments. Park "Architect" Min-ho continues his strong individual start in the OWL and he alongside Dante "Danteh" Cruz make for a fearsome and flexible DPS duo.

10. Florida Mayhem

Movement: --

The Florida Mayhem are another team, like the Shock, who are still adjusting to a new lineup. We've seen other teams -- both LA teams -- improve after roster moves, but some teams need more time than others. Ha "Sayaplayer" Jung-woo gives the team much more flexibility in DPS alongside Andreas "Logix" Berghmans and Kevyn "TviQ" Lindström. Like Shanghai, Florida's support line makes for an easy target for criticism, but as the team continues to come together as a unit with recent arrivals Sayaplayer and main tank Kim "AwesomeGuy" Seong-hoon, some of the positioning problems will be solved.

11. Dallas Fuel

Movement: --

Despite two losses this past week, the Dallas Fuel seemed oddly looser than in previous weeks. With Hwang "EFFECT" Hyeon in South Korea for some much-needed rest and no chance at Stage 3 playoffs, the Fuel are now in a position where they can try out different roster permutations before the team regroups for Stage 4. This includes Christian "cocco" Jonsson and Timo "Taimou" Kettunen along with Brandon "Seagull" Larned swapping back to flex DPS rather than flex off-tank. It isn't pretty, and Seagull's on-stream frustrations of how he's been shuffled from role to role to role are certainly valid, yet at this point, the Fuel have little to lose by trying out different lineups and seeing what sticks.

12. Shanghai Dragons

Movement: --

The Dallas Fuel are lucky that they faced the Shanghai Dragons in Week 1. Back then, the Dragons were far more uncoordinated, had only played a few scrims together, hadn't settled on a communication system, and half of the team was likely still jet-lagged. Unfortunately, the lack of a match win means that the Dragons will remain in the last-place spot in this ranking until they pick up a victory. At this point, it's certainly possible that the Dragons will take a map (or two) off of much stronger teams like the NYXL or Spitfire. However, what separates a good team from the rest is a lack of mistakes and the Dragons' play is still rife with basic positioning errors, likely due to miscommunication. They continue to improve and, with this lineup, it's unlikely that they'll go 0-40, but it's looking less probable that their first win will come in Stage 3.The FC pundits are asked if they have any empathy for Arsene Wenger as his tenure as manager will end in a meaningless game against Huddersfield. (4:17)

No sympathy for Wenger as Arsenal go out with a whimper (4:17)

MADRID, Spain -- Three thoughts from the Wanda Metropolitano as Atletico Madrid beat Arsenal 1-0 on the night and 2-1 on aggregate to advance to the Europa League final in Lyon.

1. Costa haunts Arsenal, sends Atletico into the final

Diego Costa was never going to make it easy for Arsene Wenger to enjoy a perfect finale as Arsenal manager with a trip to the Europa League final and, not for the first time, the Atletico Madrid striker delivered the crucial blow to send the Gunners to defeat.

Costa's breakaway goal, three minutes into stoppage time at the end of the first half, secured a 2-1 aggregate semifinal victory for Atletico to book a place in the Europa League final in Lyon on May 16.

The defeat means that Wenger's reign as Arsenal manager will instead end at Huddersfield in two Sundays, with dreams of one last trophy dashed by the former Chelsea man Costa, who took his tally to four goals in seven games against the North London outfit.

The first-half loss of captain Laurent Koscielny to a torn Achilles was a huge early blow for Arsenal, but their downfall was ultimately caused by the failings that have dogged the final years of Wenger's reign.

Arsenal were weak, indecisive and lacking in quality when it mattered. They created precious few opportunities and their so-called big players such as Mesut Ozil failed to deliver.

Arsene Wenger's fairy-tale ending was not to be at Atletico Madrid. Photo by Eric Verhoeven/Soccrates/Getty Images)

And whenever they found themselves in the final third, poor delivery from the flanks -- most notably by Nacho Monreal -- continually let Atletico off the hook.

Atleti deserved their victory, but Arsenal missed their chance to push them harder and their defeat means that Wenger's 22-year reign will end with a whimper.

2. Koscielny injury leaves Arsenal rudderless at the back

Koscielny's ninth-minute injury, confirmed to be a torn Achilles, is a huge personal blow for the Arsenal captain, who will now miss the World Cup with France and face a lengthy road back to fitness.

At 32, such a serious injury could threaten Koscielny's top-level career and Arsenal will clearly need to find a replacement for the centre-half this summer due to the lack of quality elsewhere in their back four.

The loss of Koscielny is a big one, both in the short and long term for Arsenal.

And his absence was immediately felt against Atletico, even though replacement Calum Chambers did well initially in his role against Costa.

Even with Koscielny at the heart of their defence, Arsenal have been prone to defensive mistakes and he was at fault for Atletico's equaliser at the Emirates last week, when Antoine Griezmann escaped him too easily before scoring.

Yet without Koscielny, there is absolutely no sense of organisation or leadership and it was no surprise when Costa raced through to score on the stroke of half-time.

Laurent Koscielny tore his Achilles inside of 10 minutes vs. Atletico Madrid. Photo credit should read GABRIEL BOUYS/AFP/Getty Images

Right-back Hector Bellerin was hopelessly exposed by Costa before goalkeeper David Ospina made it too easy for the former Chelsea forward by going to ground too quickly.

Whoever comes in to replace Arsene Wenger will need to rebuild from the back, but the loss of Koscielny will only make that task more difficult.

3. Atletico close in on glory but again rivals Real set to upstage them

You have to feel for Atletico Madrid and their long-suffering supporters.

Diego Simeone's team now have a major European trophy within their reach after making it to the Europa League final, but even when the sun shines on Atleti, Real Madrid seemingly always find a way to put their neighbours in the shade.

The scars of losing Champions League finals against Real in 2014 and 2016 are still raw for Atleti, so if any club deserves a night in the spotlight, it is Simeone's team.

But with Real booking their place in the Champions League final this week for a third successive year, there is every chance that Zinedine Zidane's men will claim a 13th European Cup against Liverpool in Kiev and top anything that Atletico achieve in the Europa League final.

There is a silver lining to every cloud, however, and Atletico can at least look to take care of their own business and win the Europa League in Lyon on May 16.

If they do that, and Real beat Liverpool, then there is the chance to strike a blow against their neighbours in the UEFA Super Cup in Tallinn, Estonia, in August.

But however the next month plays out, the big target now for Simeone's players to is to win the Champions League in their own stadium in 12 months' time because they simply cannot allow Real to lift the European Cup in their new home.THE COLONY, Texas -- The first round of the LPGA North Texas Classic has been called off because of heavy morning rain. Only 34 of the 144 golfers completed at least one hole.

Play was stopped Thursday 69 minutes after the first groups teed off. The decision to resume play Friday was made during midafternoon, hours after the rain stopped and sunshine bathed the course. Thursday's scores were thrown out.

A tournament official says no decision on the schedule for the weekend's final three rounds will be made until the first round is completed. Friday's forecast calls for more rain.

The event is in its first season at Old American Golf Club."Chalo kuch gup-shup karte hain." [Come, let us chit-chat.]

With that one line, uttered after he had finished his first press conference as BCCI president, Anurag Thakur walked away from decades of well-established board culture that had treated the media with distrust and as outsiders.

When a journalist handed him a paper cup of tea, Thakur wondered why no one else had been served. Over the next half hour, he spoke patiently and as openly as he could, without letting out too many secrets.

Before the chat, Thakur had spoken as if he was a politician at a rally, not a BCCI president. He detailed the numerous social welfare initiatives the board planned to invest in. He did not play the defensive hand. Each time he was asked about the Lodha Committee, he reiterated his point of view that some of the recommendations would tear apart the fabric of the BCCI and damage the interests of the players as well.

In Indian political circles, Thakur's has been a well-known name and face. On Sunday he was unanimously elected BCCI president, one of the most powerful positions - some would argue the most powerful - in world cricket. The BCCI has only had one president younger than Thakur - Fatehsingh Rao Gaekwad was 33 when he led from 1963 to '66.

Thakur's climb to the top of the BCCI might appear unusually swift, but he has always been ambitious. He captained Punjab and North Zone at the age-group levels, and also played a first-class match for his native Himachal Pradesh in the 2000-01 Ranji Trophy season. Thakur reportedly played that match only because he wanted to become a junior national selector. The BCCI administration at the time, under the leadership of Jagmohan Dalmiya, had made it mandatory for selectors to have first-class cricket experience. Thakur made a seven-ball duck in Himachal's only innings, and picked up two wickets in the nine overs he bowled.

In the same year he became the youngest ever president of a state association, when he took the reins of the Himachal Pradesh Cricket Association at 26. The jury might be out on his cricketing talent, but there is no doubting his clout as an administrator. According to seasoned BCCI officials, Thakur worked hard to turn a "backward state" like Himachal around, and establish one of the most impressive venues on the world cricket map. Thakur created modern cricket facilities not just in picturesque Dharamsala but also in smaller towns like Bilaspur and Una.

"I inherited only seven chairs, one iron cupboard and a typewriter," he said of those early days. "But within five years, we built an international stadium in Dharamsala - not only a cricket stadium but one of the most beautiful cricket stadiums in the world, and also built around five-six other stadiums in the state."

As president of the Himachal Pradesh Cricket Association, Thakur created modern cricket facilities not just in picturesque Dharamsala but also in smaller towns like Bilaspur and Una ACC

People who have observed Thakur's progress are not surprised. "He has age and experience, a unique combination, in his favour. He has a contemporary perspective," a BCCI official says. "If you look at his development projects in Himachal, that is the classic example of what he has done for cricket. Because he knows what the cricket requirements are at the state level, he has been hands-on as an administrator, which is a big advantage."

A senior East Zone official described Thakur's rise as "tremendous", from the time he began attending BCCI meetings around 2004. This official had no doubt that being a politician has helped Thakur immensely. According to him Thakur's biggest punt, which played a crucial role in his swift rise to the top rung of the BCCI, was his decision to run for the post of secretary during the acrimonious 2015 BCCI elections.

Thakur became a BCCI office-bearer for the first time in 2011, when he was elected joint secretary in the N Srinivasan administration. Srinivasan's not stepping down during the 2013 IPL corruption scandal did not sit well with Thakur, who was one of the few BCCI officials unafraid to express his grievances in public at the time, when he said institutions were bigger than individuals.

"He was just a joint secretary, which is not anything big in the BCCI," the East Zone official said. "But he showed the guts to stand for the secretary's position two years back, which changed things. That he could do that was only because he was a politician. No one else could have dared."

Thakur won the secretary's post by a single vote when he defeated the incumbent, Sanjay Patel, in the elections in Chennai, where Jagmohan Dalmiya returned for his second stint as BCCI president. Srinivasan, the East Zone official who was present during the 2015 election said, had in fact approached Thakur and offered to support his nomination for the president's post. "By the time Thakur arrived, he had decided to be part of the Dalmiya camp," the East Zone official said. "When Srinivasan offered him the president's post, Thakur did not ditch the Dalmiya camp."

Thakur was perhaps aware that he had more to gain if he was loyal to the men he had originally teamed up with to defeat Srinivasan's lobby. "He is the face of the next generation," the official said. "For the last 20 years BCCI has had presidents who have come from the old school of administration."

As a politician, Thakur knows the importance of reaching out to people who matter. A BCCI vice-president said he received a call from Thakur a couple of weeks ago, when he expressed his desire to run for the board presidency. "He is a man of few words," the vice-president said. "He is a straightforward guy. He likes to interact with people like us. He might be younger to me, but there is a chemistry between him and the young people in the board. Normally in the BCCI, people are very reluctant to open up because they don't want to antagonise somebody. But Anurag is open and makes his opinion very clear - whether somebody likes it or not, he is not worried about."

In 2015, Thakur rejected N Srinivasan's support to become the BCCI president, and instead joined the Jagmohan Dalmiya camp PTI

Veterans and young board members alike say Thakur's biggest strength is his proximity to influential people. Power and positioning are the planks on which he has raised his solid platform. Thakur has been on the right side of both the government and the power brokers within the BCCI.

Thakur is capable of taking independent positions on issues, but as president he will need the support of his key lieutenant. He and secretary, Ajay Shirke, whom Thakur nominated on Sunday, have grown close during these difficult times for the BCCI in the Supreme Court. Shirke was the treasurer when the IPL corruption scandal broke in 2013. He, along with the secretary at the time Sanjay Jagdale, stepped down from their positions in protest against Srinivasan.

"Ajay Shirke has been his biggest advisor," a Thakur critic within the BCCI said. "Shirke's man RP Shah has been a consultant to Thakur since he became secretary."

Shashank Manohar might have been the architect of most reforms the BCCI carried out since last October, but Thakur also played an important role in endorsing those changes. Officials say Thakur was involved closely in preparing the BCCI's initial document on conflict of interest, which was sent to all members last year, and that he also had a say in appointing the global consultancy firm Deloitte as an independent regulator. Thakur also stressed the need to release the domestic cricket schedule in July, well before the start of the season.

Another important decision taken at Thakur's behest was drawing up contracts for India's women cricketers. The news also surprised the players. When India Women beat New Zealand, the BCCI announced an award. One of the players said then that it must be "some five lakhs [approximately US$7500] to be distributed among the team". The actual reward was Rs 20 lakhs ($29,700), which left the player and her team-mates speechless.

Thakur has also earned the respect of his critics. A high-ranking board official is willing to allow him time to grow in his new job. "It is a fresh start, a new innings [for Thakur]. We have disagreed on things, but now that he is taking on a new role, I am actually welcoming it."

All the officials ESPNcricinfo spoke to for this story were sceptical about whether, as an active member of a national political party, Thakur will have enough time for the BCCI's affairs, at a critical time when the board is involved in a tussle with the Supreme Court over the Lodha Committee recommendations. "It takes a lot of effort to get in touch with him," the critic quoted above said.

Other political heavyweights have served as BCCI presidents in the past: SN Wankhede, NKP Salve, Madhavrao Scindia and Sharad Pawar have juggled the job with their political roles.

Thakur's most immediate challenge will arrive in July, when the Supreme Court issues its order on implementing the Lodha Committee reforms. Last Saturday, Manohar revealed that his conscience did not allow him to continue as the board president, because he did not agree entirely with the Lodha recommendations.

Thakur's responsibility as president will be to ensure that things are put in place not only at the BCCI level but also at all the state associations, while having them on his side. Having served as secretary, he is aware of the hurdles he will face. "Now it is about handling challenges the BCCI faces in a unified way," a Thakur critic said.

Despite the challenges, Thakur's camp is confident he is the right man to lead the BCCI in these fragile times. "He is sharp," an official said. "He is not an in-depth man. Not a man of great details. But he has understanding, has a grasp and has an intuitive feel for what should be done."The Phoenix Suns have agreed to terms with Utah Jazz assistant Igor Kokoskov to become the franchise's head coach. The two sides reached agreement on a three-year contract, league sources told ESPN on Wednesday.

Kokoskov, a native of Serbia, will be the first head coach born and raised outside North America in NBA history, the Suns said. He will begin his duties as head coach after Utah's season concludes. The Jazz trail the Houston Rockets 1-0 in their Western Conference semifinal series.

Editor's Picks Who's out, who's in: NBA coaching changes Three head coaches lost their jobs during the season, and more moves are expected this offseason. We're keeping track of every change on the sidelines around the NBA.

Suns general manager Ryan McDonough met with Kokoskov in Houston before Sunday's Game 1 and moved quickly to make an offer, league sources told ESPN. The Suns, who finished an NBA-worst 21-61, are working on a major rebuild and need to start crafting a roster and culture around young star Devin Booker.

Kokoskov, 46, has been considered one of the finest assistant coaches in the NBA for 18 seasons, including with the Suns from 2008 to 2013.

Jazz coach Quin Snyder and general manager Dennis Lindsey have credited Kokoskov with a great deal of the growth of Utah's young roster.

Kokoskov elevated his NBA candidacy as the coach of the Slovenian national team last summer, when he led the tiny nation to an improbable EuroBasket tournament championship, with the Miami Heat's Goran Dragic and Luka Doncic -- the likely top-three overall pick in the 2018 NBA draft -- dominating the tournament.

Kokoskov's knowledge of Doncic, a 6-foot-8 European wunderkind, will be helpful to the Suns in the draft process -- and beyond -- if the Suns select him.

Dragic and Doncic both took to Twitter on Wednesday to congratulate Kokoskov.

Congrats to Igor Kokoškov 👏🏼 well deserved, great coach !!!! Good luck @suns https://t.co/WXGzXzA80N — Goran Dragić (@Goran_Dragic) May 2, 2018

Well deserved!! Svaka čast Igore💪💪💪💪🇸🇮 pic.twitter.com/IxaG02R1BP — Luka Doncic (@luka7doncic) May 3, 2018

Kokoskov was the first European-born assistant in the NBA, with the LA Clippers in 2000. He worked for Snyder at the University of Missouri for a year and won an NBA championship as a member of Larry Brown's coaching staff with the Detroit Pistons in 2004.

Kokoskov became a U.S. citizen in 2010 in a ceremony on the Suns' court.shares

Herbie Taylor captained South Africa in 18 Tests either side of World War I © Getty Images

1889

Birth of Herbie Taylor, South Africa's first world-class batsman and an absolute master on matting pitches. Taylor's finest innings was a brilliant 176 against England in Johannesburg in 1922-23, a match in which the next-highest score was 50, and one of only four occasions Taylor was on the winning side in his 42 Tests. In all, he made three centuries and a 91 in that series; all of his seven Test hundreds came against England. He was captain for 18 Tests either side of the First World War, in which he served in the Royal Field Artillery. Taylor took up coaching schoolboys upon retirement, and died in Cape Town in 1973.

1933

One of Jamaica's favourite sons is born. Collie Smith was an attacking batsman, an outstanding fielder and a useful offspinner, who gave up fast bowling as a young man in a bid to emulate his hero Jim Laker. In 1954-55, in only his third first-class match, he cracked 169 against the touring Australians, and was given a Test debut on his home ground as a result. He flashed a superb 104 in the second innings, although it wasn't enough to save West Indies from defeat. Smith's last Test hundred came in Delhi in 1958-59, when he also took his only five-for. He was only 26 when he was killed in a car crash in Stoke-on-Trent in 1959, in which Garry Sobers was also involved. When Smith's body was returned to Jamaica, over 60,000 people attended his funeral.

2010

A historic day for women's cricket. West Indies' Deandra Dottin smashed the first T20I hundred, off just 38 balls, en route to a 45-ball 112 against South Africa's women in the World T20 in St Kitts. The second fifty of the whirlwind innings came up in 13 balls as West Indies raced to their first win of the tournament, one where they would eventually lose to New Zealand in the semi-final.

1911

A distinctly unlucky one-cap wonder is born. Lancashire's Norman Oldfield did not do a lot wrong when he made a stylish 80 and 19 in his England debut, against West Indies at The Oval in 1939. But that was the last Test before the Second World War, and when Test cricket returned, Oldfield was well into his thirties, and past his prime. He later became an umpire and officiated in two Tests. He died in Blackpool in 1996.

1962

Another one-cap wonder is born. James Whitaker was a member of England's Ashes-winning side in 1986-87. He made his one appearance in Adelaide, when Ian Botham was injured, and managed 11 before falling to Bruce Reid. With David Gower and Phil DeFreitas also playing, England included three Leicestershire players for the first time. Whitaker remained a one-club man, and led Leicester to the County Championship in 1996 and 1998. After being forced to retire with a leg injury he had a spell as general manager at Grace Road.

2003

The day Jermaine Lawson completed a hat-trick in the third Test against Australia in Barbados. After picking up the wickets of Brett Lee and Stuart MacGill in the first innings, Lawson struck with his very first ball of the second innings when he trapped Justin Langer lbw. That, though, had absolutely no bearing on the result of the Test as Australia knocked off a meagre eight required for victory and took an imposing 3-0 lead in the series. After the next match of the series that contained the historic 418-run chase, Lawson's action came under scrutiny by the ICC.

1968

An Australian coach is born. Talented wicketkeeper-batsman Tim Nielsen, who made 316 first-class dismissals for South Australia, went on to assist John Buchanan in coaching the Redbacks and then the Australian team. In 2007 he took over the national role from Buchanan, but it was a period of transition for the team and Nielsen's reign saw them lose two successive Ashes series and the World Cup title, which they had held since 1999. He stepped down in 2011 and took on a youth-development role for South Australia.

Other birthdays

1909 Grace Morgan (England)

1927 Sid O'Linn (South Africa)

1964 Glenda Hall (Australia)

1969 Karen Le Comber (New Zealand)



© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.Anthony Joshua's promoter Eddie Hearn has expressed caution over an offer of 50 million US dollars from rival champion Deontay Wilder for a world heavyweight title unification fight.

Wilder, who holds the WBC version of the title, made the unusual move of emailing Joshua directly to insist his backers had the money -- worth £35.9million -- for a bout which could take place later this year.

Hearn explained that he still required plenty of assurances before committing to any deal, and stated he remains optimistic about a deal despite the talks that he expected to happen with Wilder's representatives in New York on Thursday being called off.

Editor's Picks Hearn to Wilder: Show Joshua the $50m Eddie Hearn insists the $50 million which Deontay Wilder has offered Anthony Joshua is of interest but wants to see proof of funds and the prospective venue and date when he meets Shelly Finkel and Al Haymon on Friday.

He told Sky Sports News: "We were supposed to meet today [Thursday] with [Wilder's promoter] Shelly Finkel and [manager] Al Haymon. They cancelled that meeting, which was disappointing. I've requested a meeting for tomorrow [Friday]. We'll see if we can get on that one.

"There is no deal -- there's no contract, there's no serious offer. We have to determine if it is a PR move or a genuine offer.

"For a fighter to send another fighter an email telling them they've got this money is very strange, but it is a wonderful PR move.

"I think it's bringing the fight closer. From our side absolutely no doubt this is the fight that Anthony Joshua wants next. I believe Deontay Wilder wants this fight next so that's always a great move."

Joshua added the WBO title to the IBF and WBA belts he already owned when he dispatched Joseph Parker in a gruelling contest in Cardiff last month.

Wilder has reportedly agreed to make the next defence of his WBC crown against fellow American Dominic Breazeale, whom Joshua dispatched with ease in an IBF title defence two years ago.

But Hearn is clearly determined that if a deal between Joshua and Wilder can be done, the unification contest should take place sooner rather than later.

Hearn added: "This is the fight that boxing needs: an undisputed heavyweight championship of the world must be made. Let's forget 'after', let's do it now."NEW YORK -- As soon as he saw the ball fall into a patch of Yankee Stadium outfield grass and out of nearby defenders' reach, Miguel Andujar took a quick peek over his shoulder.

With a glance toward the New York Yankees dugout, he saw a horde of his teammates charging, all smiles, toward him.

On the same night that 21-year-old Yankees rookie Gleyber Torres crushed his first major league home run, Andujar, just two years Torres' senior, helped the Yankees beat the Cleveland Indians 7-6 Friday night by delivering his first career walk-off hit. New York now has won 13 of its past 14 games.

As they keep winning, the Baby Bombers are living up to their name.

"No moment's too big for them," Yankees right fielder Aaron Judge said. "It doesn't matter if it's the bottom of the ninth, a big situation, or if it's their first at-bat, or if you need to move the runner over. They always just stick to their plan, stick to their approach and just get the job done. Like it's just business as usual."

The "business as usual" approach was one Andujar tried to take to celebrate his game-winning single in the ninth. But when he looked over his shoulder while taking the turn at first base, he saw his teammates weren't just looking for a high five or two.

Pitcher Luis Severino was running onto the field with a couple of bags of sunflower seeds. Other Yankees had pieces of still-wrapped bubble gum in their hands. Shortstop Didi Gregorius sprinted out carrying a mostly full Gatorade cooler with plans of dumping it on Andujar's head.

Veteran left fielder Brett Gardner actually reached for the cooler first, but when he saw Andujar running far away from his other teammates and several feet into right field, he moved away from it and let Gregorius do the honors instead.

"He went all the way out there. It was too far for me," Gregorius said. "But I managed to get him."

The duo of Torres and Andujar have been getting to their share of baseballs this season. Torres has a .333 batting average with three doubles, a homer, eight RBIs and a .834 OPS in only 13 games. Since he was called up 13 days ago, the Yankees have gone 12-1.

Andujar, who began starting at third nearly a month ago when Brandon Drury went on the disabled list due to trouble with blurred vision, will enter play Saturday with a .290 batting average, three homers, 12 doubles, 13 RBIs and an .821 OPS.

"We thought so highly of them going into this year and figured that they would play a role in some way, but to be the impact players they are for our club right now these last couple weeks, I guess I should say I'm not shocked by it," manager Aaron Boone said. "Because I know how talented these guys are and I know who they are makeup-wise. But to have it happen this quickly, and for them having the impact that they are having on a nightly basis, and contributing to us to win hard games, yeah, it's pretty special."

Like with Boone and the coaching staff, the two youngsters turned their teammates' heads long before the regular season began.

"Those guys, they're always energetic. They're always fighting. They never give up," Gregorius said. "That's one thing I saw from them since spring training, talking to them there a little bit, and now they're here. They didn't change at all."

Added pitcher CC Sabathia: "The organization is doing a great job with these kids coming up. ... It's going to be fun watching this team develop over the summer."

Torres' 420-foot fourth-inning shot to left made him the youngest Yankees player to homer in a game in nearly 49 years. At 21 years and 142 days, Torres was the youngest to homer since John Ellis did it at 20 years, 269 days on May 17, 1969. Ellis hit an inside-the-park home run against the California Angels.

"I try to learn every day and be a better person every day, and try to take more experiences every day," Torres said.

As much as Torres is trying to continue to learn, it's clear to those who play with him and Andujar that as the Yankees' two bright young stars go this season, so too goes the team.

"This team's special," Judge said. "But there's always a growing pain in the middle where you've got to get guys comfortable and everyone used to each other. And then once that happens, then this team can go on a pretty good run. Once we all start clicking, it's going to be a lot of fun."David Grevemberg talks with the passion of an athlete in a hurry. Of course, it helps that he once played a sport - wrestling - and as current CEO of the Commonwealth Games Federation, he's willing to push the boundaries. In a chat with ESPN, Grevemberg took questions with practiced ease and talked about the many labels that the Commonwealth Games lives with and yet finding ways to be relevant.

To its critics, the CWG evokes an era - the British Empire, or an Anglo-centric world - whose time has gone. What would you say to them?

The Commonwealth is represented by every third person in the world - over 2.6 billion citizens, comprising 53 countries across every continent and every region of the world. Around 1.6 billion of the Commonwealth's population is under the age of 29. Two-thirds of the world's small states and island states are in the Commonwealth.

While its historical reference is closely linked to the span of the British Empire and colonialism, the Commonwealth's shared history is also represented by stories pursuing struggles for freedom and fairness and solidarity to uphold universal principles and ideals, whether that be joining forces in times of conflict and war, fighting human rights atrocities such as apartheid, or taking collective positions and actions on climate change and other current issues impacting peace, sustainability and prosperity.

Where sport fits in to the equation is in relation to its value and in what it can achieve for both individuals and communities. The modern Commonwealth is more relevant today than ever before - as both a movement for societal change and as a force for good.

While there is no doubt that the Games serves as an excellent platform for young and emerging athletes, do you think it serves as an accurate barometer for a country's sporting prowess? For example, India won 101 medals at the 2010 Games and 64 medals at the Glasgow Games and finished with two medals in Rio.

Yes, it does. Innately, there are some sports at which the Commonwealth nations excel or dominate globally. There are some sports - because of the geographical or historical nature of the sport, and those countries' history practicing and competing in those sports - in which the Commonwealth leads the way.

The Commonwealth has a third of the world's population, yet 60% of the medals won at the IAAF Beijing World Championships were won by Commonwealth athletes. If you look at India's performance in sports such as shooting, wrestling or hockey at the Commonwealth Games, the country's performances are consistent with their performances at other competitions. If you look at the countries that comprise the United Kingdom, they achieve success at the Commonwealth Games and they achieve similar success at other sports events.

Kenya, Jamaica, Australia and Canada achieve greatness in the Commonwealth Games Athletics Programme, and they achieve similar greatness in other athletics competitions. There is a clear consistency between countries' success at the Commonwealth Games and at other major sporting events.

Shooting will not be a part of the 2022 Games in Birmingham Ravi Choudhary/Hindustan Times via Getty Images

Despite a great legacy in the Games, shooting has been dropped from the 2022 edition by hosts Birmingham. What kind of precedent do you think this will set?

Shooting has always been an optional sport. In this case, CWG England, Birmingham council and UK government as part of their bid decided not to select shooting in accordance with the constitution. We have interest from taekwondo, archery, shooting and cricket to be on the 2022 program, not just shooting. So it's really up to the hosts to pick their preference.

I think it's up to every sport to ensure their relevance so every sport should do their homework to be compelling from a broadcasting, ticketing and community engagement point of view across the Commonwealth.

David Grevemberg believes there is potential for cricket to thrive in the Commonwealth Games PA Images

Cricket has only featured in one edition of the Games so far, do you see it making a comeback in the immediate future?

Cricket is a great Commonwealth sport. It is currently listed as an Optional Sport on the Commonwealth Games Sports Programme (approved at the CGF General Assembly in September 2015).

If you look at the 2022 Commonwealth Games to be held in Birmingham, England, the Birmingham Bid Committee looked closely into men's and women's cricket given the proximity of Edgbaston Cricket Ground and the popularity of the Twenty20 format in the West Midlands and the game's popularity throughout the Commonwealth. However, any further consideration to additions to the CGF's Commonwealth Games Sport Programme would first require consideration by Birmingham 2022 and its partners. That is where we stand at present.

There's a lot of focus on gender parity so when nations are looking to host the Games they are looking at gender parity in team sports. I think the ICC is continuing to develop itself and the T20 program making cricket more accessible and viable in terms of working in a compressed format. I think there's great potential for cricket in a multi-sport setting whether it's the Commonwealth Games or the Olympics.

What kind of impact did the scams and taint of Delhi 2010 have on the overall Commonwealth movement?

It challenged the entire movement. It challenged India, Indian sport and the Commonwealth movement. I think it's also important to say that we're judged not by how we were paralyzed by those challenges but responded to them. I think we're much stronger now because of Delhi 2010.

It was a watershed moment. So much infrastructure was required to be built within such a short period. Any city would have struggled. And it came with huge risks, not only of delivery but also human rights and safety risks, and challenges around the integrity of organizing committee. So we have all have evolved in our approach and thinking as a result of Delhi 2010. I'd like to think that Indian sport is stronger because of Delhi 2010.

On the other hand, look at the amazing story of one of my favourite movies, and this might surprise you: Dangal. It's a 2010 Commonwealth Games legacy story which is absolutely brilliant. I'm an ex-wrestler so I'm a bit partial you may say. The great question brought forward by Delhi was that the Commonwealth needs to have a clear narrative on why its relevant and why its relevant today. I think the Commonwealth has a bright future in reconnecting with India which is such a powerful sport-loving nation. I think both have a complex shared history and ideals and we are looking forward to engaging and hopefully coming back to India.

Ben Booth/SOPA Images/LightRocket via Getty Images

The other reality is that fewer countries now want to host the Games due to the financial burden. For instance, for this edition, Gold Coast and Hambantota were the only two bidders and originally Durban was the sole bidder for 2022. How is the federation coping with this challenge?

'Transformation 2022' addresses this exact point. We have now created a new Games delivery model which has the federation taking on more responsibility for the hosting of the Games, 80:20, and we are also now delivering commercial programs through the organising committee. Before we would just allow the Games to happen. Now we are actually supporting it, working hand in hand and taking on some of these risks of delivering to make it more efficient and effective and also ensuring that it's more affordable and appealing by creating a more entertaining format.

How satisfied are you with preparations in Gold Coast?

I think it's excellent. We're proud of the work done to uphold human rights and sustainability initiatives in terms of ethical sourcing of materials and some of the big issues that the Commonwealth has been labelled with for so long and its history in colonialism are being addressed here, like in Glasgow.

We're doing some amazing work on tangible reconciliation programming for indigenous people not only in Gold Coast but all indigenous people across the Commonwealth, bringing representatives for a conversation on indigenous right to sport, whether it's the legacy of sectarianism, slavery or some of the broader initiatives.

So it has really transformed in the last three years. A new vision is in place, and this is something that came as a result of the work we did in Glasgow where we raised 6.5 million pounds with UNICEF for children across the Commonwealth that has now been used by over 40 countries and impacted lives of 11.6 million children. So we've done some really cool work.

Gold Coast will also mark the first time there has been an equal number of medal events for men and women, with 133 medals at stake for both (men and women); it will be the first time the sports of rugby sevens, swimming and cycling have included over 50% female technical officials; and it will be the first time there has been a Women's Coaching Internship Programme, offering 20 aspiring female coaches from across the Commonwealth the chance to be mentored by the leading national coaches across the Commonwealth. It truly will be a Games of firsts, and that is just one example of why we are increasingly relevant.A day before his event at the ISSF Shooting World Cup in Guadalajara, Mexico, Shahzar Rizvi messaged his coach Ronak Pandit over Whatsapp. "Sir, I'm going to win the gold," Rizvi wrote. It was a bold prediction, especially since Rizvi was making his World Cup debut. That self-belief was justified on Saturday with Rizvi setting a world record score in the final on his way to a maiden gold.

Rizvi was highly motivated to do well in this particular event. "I had a point to prove. I wanted to show people I was the best," he says.

The 23-year-old has been seething for a while now.

In January this year, Rizvi received an unpleasant surprise when India's shooting squad for the Commonwealth Games was announced. India's representatives in the 10m air pistol would be Jitu Rai and Om Prakash Mitharwal. That Rizvi was not included in the 27-member team announced by the national federation was particularly galling because he was in the middle of the richest vein of form in his career.

"Shahzar is a no-nonsense shooter. He doesn't complain of what he doesn't have. He doesn't bother if he is missing a skill or a resource. He makes do with what he has." Coach Ronak Pandit

Just a month earlier, Rizvi had won gold in the 10m air pistol event at the National Championships. Prior to that, he had won gold at the Commonwealth Shooting championships held at Brisbane's Belmont Shooting Complex -- the same venue where the Commonwealth Games will be held.

"I couldn't understand why I was dropped. I thought I was shooting really well," says Rizvi.

The decision took Rizvi's coach Ronak Pandit by surprise too. "It was a jolt. Based on his recent results, I was sure he was going to be picked," says Pandit, who also wrote a letter to the federation asking them to reconsider their decision.

But there was no change to the Indian squad. "The Federation had their limitations. They have to send a reduced team size and the fact that both Jitu and Om Prakash participate in two events (10m pistol and 50m pistol) went in their favour," says Pandit.

Shahzar Rizvi, centre, with silver medallist Christian Reitz, left, and bronze medallist Jitu Rai. PTI Photo

None of this helped lessen Rizvi's hurt, however. "He was clearly very disturbed about not being picked. That is a dangerous situation for a shooter to be in. It could be a very damaging thought if you think people hate you and want to bring you down. It was a challenge to keep his spirits high," Pandit says.

If there was anyone Rizvi still trusted, though, it was Pandit.

Rizvi, who hails from a family of competitive shooters (cousins Riyayan and Shaul are both national level double trap shooters while his brother shot pistol at the national level) in Mawana, near Meerut, found success early in a career that began in 2012. He won a national gold in 2015 and another at the Asian Championship in 2016. But even though he was considered a talented prospect, he had begun to feel he was stagnating. And so in March last year, he began working with Pandit, a former Commonwealth Games gold medallist who also coaches multiple World, Commonwealth and Asian medallist Heena Sidhu.

Pandit reminded Rizvi of the target he had set when the latter had first approached him. "He told me that his goal was the Olympics. And if that was the target, the Commonwealth Games need not be a priority. I told him that while he might not be okay with the decision, he had to use it to steel himself for the future, I explained that shooting is a measurable sport. His scores would have to speak for themselves, " says Pandit.

For Rizvi, the lesson was simple. "I didn't want to give anyone a chance to doubt me again," he says.

"I'm not satisfied just yet. I have three other World Cups that I will be taking part in this year and I want to win gold in all of them" Shahzar Rizvi

The original plan was for Rizvi to skip the World Cup and train for the Commonwealth Games, but Rizvi insisted he travel for the competition. The late decision to travel nearly came to nothing with Rizvi's visa to Mexico coming through at the last minute. Instead of reaching Mexico on February 28, resting for a day and then training a day before his competition, Rizvi arrived only on March 1. It wasn't the ideal way to prepare, but Pandit felt Rizvi could pull it off. "Shahzar is a no-nonsense shooter. He doesn't complain of what he doesn't have. He doesn't bother if he is missing a skill or a resource. He makes do with what he has," says Pandit.

It also helped, says Pandit, that the field in Mexico was a depleted one. "When I saw the competition he had, I was confident that he would at least reach the final," says Pandit.

Photo: Shahzar Rizvi

Rizvi shot a modest score of 579 in qualifying to enter the final in seventh place. Once in, though, the gold was as good as sealed. "We had two weeks before the World Cup and coach had made me practice shooting in finals. I was shooting 245 regularly. I only finished with 242.3 because I shot an 8.9 and an 8.5 in the second round of shots, " says Rizvi, who is now looking to erase those minute errors too. "Because I arrived late to the venue, I wasn't able to adapt to the conditions which were a little hot. I overheated and made some simple mistakes. These are areas I have to work on," he says.

A day after returning to India, Rizvi will head straight to Pandit's academy in Pune. He now has bigger targets in mind. Pandit says Rizvi could well win an Olympic quota at the World Championships in September this year. Rizvi has that - and more - in mind. "I'm not satisfied just yet. I have three other World Cups (Munich, Fort Benning, USA, and Changwon, South Korea) that I will be taking part in this year and I want to win gold in all of them. I might not get a chance to win gold at the Commonwealth Games but becoming the number one shooter in the world is bigger than that," he says.Check out my rankings within each division by clicking on the links below.

Who is the best fighter regardless of weight class? See ESPN's pound-for-pound rankings. Plus, check out our women's pound-for-pound rankings.

Note: Results through April 11, 2018.

Divisional Rankings

Heavyweight | Light heavyweight

Middleweight | Welterweight | Lightweight

Featherweight | Bantamweight | Flyweight

Women's bantamweight | Women's strawweight

HEAVYWEIGHT DIVISION (265 pounds)

1. Stipe Miocic (18-2)

Doubt Miocic at your own risk. One of the most dominant heavyweights of all time went into his record-breaking third title defense in January as a betting underdog. When the dust settled, it was still Miocic on top.

Next: UFC 226 on July 7, vs. Daniel Cormier

2. Francis Ngannou (11-2)

Ngannou's bid for UFC gold came up short against Stipe Miocic in January, but only a fool would jump off this bandwagon. Ngannou lost to a versatile, experienced foe in Miocic -- who we are now calling the best heavyweight of all time. That's nothing to hang your head over. Ngannou's future remains bright.

Next: TBD

3. Alistair Overeem (43-16)

Overeem's KO loss to Francis Ngannou at UFC 218 will only show up on his record as a single loss, but it will be interesting to see how much weight it carries moving forward. Overeem is as experienced as they come, but even so, that kind of loss has the potential of a lasting effect.

Next: UFC 225 on June 9, vs. Curtis Blaydes

4. Alexander Volkov (30-6)

Volkov capitalized on a major opportunity in March, when he knocked out former UFC champion Fabricio Werdum in the fourth round. Volkov had already won five in a row going into that bout, but he needed a big name victory. Werdum is that big name.

Next: TBD

5. Fabricio Werdum (23-8-1)

Werdum's tried all of his usual tricks on Alexander Volkov in March, but it wasn't enough to top the Russian contender. There's no reason to worry too much about Werdum yet, but he is on the plus-side of 40 now.

Next: TBD

6. Cain Velasquez (14-2)

A healthy Velasquez is the best Velasquez. The former champion looked terrific in an absolute drubbing of Travis Browne in July. If he can stay healthy, he's a good bet to reclaim the UFC heavyweight title he has already won twice before.

Next: TBD

7. Junior dos Santos (18-5)

Sometimes you're the hammer, sometimes you're the nail. That's the heavyweight division. Dos Santos isn't done by any means, but he has had some rough nights in the Octagon. UFC 211 against Stipe Miocic was one of them.

Next: TBD

8. Vitaly Minakov (20-0)

The Russian heavyweight was stripped of his Bellator MMA title in 2016 due to inactivity. He has since found a home competing in his native Russia, recently defeating Antonio "Bigfoot" Silva there, and remains unbeaten now for seven years.

Next: TBD

9. Curtis Blaydes (9-1)

A former junior college wrestling champion, Blaydes has found his groove in the UFC. After suffering a TKO loss to Francis Ngannou in his UFC debut in 2016, Blaydes is 4-0, including a signature win over Mark Hunt in Australia. Momentum is currently on this Chicago native's side.

Next: UFC 225 on June 9, vs. Alistair Overeem

10. Derrick Lewis (19-5)

Lewis pulled out a late finish against Marcin Tybura, at a UFC Fight Night event in February. The man's victories aren't always pretty, but no one can doubt the knockout power. It's always there, even when our man looks completely gassed. We look forward to what's next.

Next: TBDA few days ago in training, Mehuli Ghosh, all of 17, was in a particularly chatty mood. The teen was giving her leaden arms a break, her rifle some quiet time and was in no seeming hurry to get back to blinker-focus mode. Coach Joydeep Karmakar, watching from a distance, stepped in and cut through the banter with a cryptic query on what the time was in Beijing then. Understandably puzzled, Mehuli, a 10m air rifle shooter, shrugged and waited for an explanation. "I was just thinking of all the Chinese shooters firing away in practice right now," Karmakar said wryly. Mehuli stiffened, picked up her rifle and didn't set it down for the rest of the session.

"Often, that's all it takes," Karmakar tells ESPN. "The right trigger."

It's certainly not the easiest task to coach a teen for dizzying, Olympic-level success, as Karmakar, a formerly accomplished shooter himself, will tell you. He had finished fourth in the 50m rifle prone event at the 2012 London Games, missing a bronze medal by a hair's breadth.

For a sport that hinges largely on mental fortitude, the mind's preparedness, Karmakar says, can make or break a shooter's chance. "Since I started coaching her little over two years ago, the focus has been on preparing her mind, getting it in the right zone," he says. "Technique, I feel, most shooters at a certain level will be evenly footed on. What will set them apart in the competition lane is the mind."

Mehuli will agree.

Last December, she finished with an impressive eight-medal haul in the 5,000-odd competition field of the Nationals. This, just after she'd won a quota place for the Youth Olympic Games with a gold at the Asian Championships in Wako City, Japan. At the start of this year, Mehuli, who is supported by the non-profit Olympic Gold Quest, was handed a fresh goal: Commonwealth Games. "I was not really surprised to find my name in the squad since I had a chance," says Mehuli. "I wouldn't have been too disappointed if I wasn't named either. You can say I was prepared for both scenarios." In a sport that celebrates stillness, you can hardly baulk at the teenaged shooter's poise.

Growing up in the town of Baidyabati in West Bengal, Mehuli took to guns early. Every time denim-clad slickers Jai and Veeru whipped out their pistols to shoot down bandits in the Bollywood classic 'Sholay' or the famed trio of investigators solved crimes with little ado in the TV series 'CID', Mehuli watched transfixed. The closest she got to mimicking their styles was by popping colourful balloons with an air gun at fairs.

"I can say with absolute certainty that I haven't in my close to three decades in the sport run into a talent like her [Mehuli]. What sets her apart is that she's extremely sharp in perception and quick in interpretation. Also, she knows how to fight back from a really bad position." Joydeep Karmakar, coach of Mehuli Ghosh

Every athlete has that one, singular, definitive point which gets them limbering up on a dream to chase a medal, to win, to climb a podium and be the greatest they can possibly be. For Mehuli, it was watching a 25-year-old Abhinav Bindra stand on the Olympic podium in 2008, clutching a gleaming gold medal. "That day I knew I wanted to be a shooter," she says. "More than anything else, it was the belief that an Indian too can achieve what we thought was impossible until then. It made me dream."

It was no surprise then that she too, emulating Bindra, picked air rifle as her competitive category. She joined a neighbourhood rifle club after coaxing her parents for a year, but her life was to hit an unexpected bend and hurl her into the pits of despair. During a practice session, her misfired shot hit and wounded an employee at the club. She was suddenly living the worst nightmare of every shooter. And she was just 14.

In August 2015, her mother reached out to Karmakar for help. Mehuli was a quiet, depressed teen, undergoing psychological counselling when he first met her at his academy in Kolkata. "I sensed that shooting is probably the last thing she needed then," says Karmakar, who coaches Mehuli without charge. "She was traumatized and everybody around had lost hope in her and suggested that she was not meant for the sport. Worse still, she had begun to believe it. So I had to start with slowly restoring her confidence, getting her to open up and trust me. Then once she got there, the trick was to make her dream again."

By the end of the year, he had begun with proper rifle sessions and started aggressively pushing her to deliver. "Mehuli was shooting excellent scores in practice and I knew she would be the showstopper at the next nationals," he says.

He was on the money.

"I can say with absolute certainty that I haven't in my close to three decades in the sport run into a talent like her," says Karmakar. "What sets her apart is that she's extremely sharp in perception and quick in interpretation. Also, she knows how to fight back from a really bad position."

Travelling to and from Karmakar's academy in New Town, Kolkata takes up four hours of Mehuli's day and she reaches home only around midnight. She doesn't seem to mind it though. "The shooter I am today is because of my coach," she says. "With him guiding me, I can only grow." Now, following her recent performances, the school that houses the academy has offered to provide her accommodation.

Coach Joydeep Karmakar (left) says his focus has been on preparing Mehuli's mind. Photo courtesy of Joydeep Karmakar

A corollary to early success, excessive ambition and continual training in young athletes is the prospect of a burnout, and Karmakar is frank in admitting of its possibility. "I've seen dozens of promising female air rifle shooters make it up to the Olympics and then just disappear," he says. "We are very open with the athlete about recognizing its existence. So it's important that Mehuli draws the line when it comes to shooting, for the simple reason that for a girl of her age if she's obsessed about just one thing all the time she might soon get bored."

Keeping the drive alive in the athlete, Karmakar says, can be an effective precautionary measure. He cuts down her sessions a few days prior to big tournaments and often doesn't slot her a practice session for two days in a row. "On the third day she returns like a hungry tigress and just blows away the targets."

Burnout fears aside, she has also has had to give up leading a regular teen's life. "I can't make it for school events or catch up with friends outside any more because shooting takes up most of my time now," says Mehuli. "The most difficult part is when you begin to switch your focus from a life with family and friends to a single-minded dedication in shooting. But once you do that and you enjoy the sport, it feels so good to be chasing a dream."

In a year crammed with major events, the Commonwealth Games in April are her biggest priority. She also has her sights on winning a 2020 Olympic quota at the World Championships in Changwon, South Korea later this year. Just ahead of the Commonwealth Games in Gold Coast, Mehuli will be making her transition into the senior circuit at the World Cup in Guadalajara, Mexico. It also means that she'd have to skip her high school board exams.

But she has another mini-test coming up: Living up to her coach's orders and cutting her social-media usage down to a bare minimum.

Karmakar doesn't advocate going cold turkey. "It's a distraction no coach favours," he says. "I've asked Mehuli to slowly phase it out and have been very clear with her that unless she willingly does it, I wouldn't be able to help."

Her deadline runs out in three days.There's only so long we can revel in the excitement of WrestleMania 34 before asking: What's next?

Editor's Picks WrestleMania 34 recap - Ronda shines in debut, Charlotte ends Asuka's streak, new champs galore Ronda Rousey shined in her WrestleMania debut, Daniel Bryan brought back the YES movement and a number of titles changed hands at WrestleMania 34.

Jeff Jarrett's 2018 WWE Hall of Fame weekend Follow along as Arash Markazi documents Jeff Jarrett's induction into the WWE Hall of Fame throughout the night on Friday and throughout the weekend.

Rousey happy to have lost last two UFC fights because it brought her to WWE After blowing away expectations in her first WWE match, at WrestleMania 34 on Sunday, Ronda Rousey feels like everything that happened to her -- including her two UFC losses -- led her to this moment in her life and the WWE. And that it was all worth it. 2 Related

While Sunday's show won't go down as one of the greatest shows in Mania lore, there were quite a few moments from this show that will endure. The first half of the the pay-per-view was stellar, but a baffling tag team partner announcement from Braun Strowman and a one-dimensional main event hurt the overall momentum as the show stretched into its fifth hour and beyond.

Still, there's little sense in dissecting what went wrong, as what's done is done. We can instead look forward and opine on what the fallout from WrestleMania 34 means for the WWE moving forward. Neither Monday Night Raw nor SmackDown has had a shift in power at the top, with defending champs AJ Styles and Brock Lesnar each successfully defending their championships.

With two key nights of shows to come, and the chance to dramatically alter the direction of either Raw or SmackDown, what's next?

Here are 10 burning questions whose answers will go a long way in determining how the rest of 2018 (and beyond) will shape up in the WWE.

play 0:20 Rousey victorious at WrestleMania In her WWE in-ring debut, Ronda Rousey lands a fury of punches to both Stephanie McMahon and Triple H. Rousey, alongside Kurt Angle, would go on to win the match.

Is Ronda Rousey ready to jump into the ring by herself?

Arguably the biggest surprise, and probably the biggest relief on Sunday, was the outstanding performance by Ronda Rousey. She's the most substantial signing the WWE has had in a long time, and possibly in its history, and her presence is likely to continue to attract curious eyeballs from outside of the current WWE fandom. She was eased into her WWE debut by working with longtime veterans Kurt Angle, Triple H and Stephanie McMahon, but now it's time to let her fly solo. But against whom?

Despite her dominance, it would be a bad idea for her to be pushed into the title scene too soon. Sure, you can imagine a story between her and Asuka, two dominant forces with submission skills that are off the charts? Or perhaps the name value that transcends WWE, against Charlotte Flair? Either hints at the kind of splash that screams main event of WrestleMania 35. But before any dream match like that can happen, there's a lot of work to be done. She has plenty of initial opponents to choose from on Raw, and it'd be smart to put her up against someone who can carry the rivalry on the microphone; Alexa Bliss could fit the bill, or Paige's Absolution, although each would present different challenges in terms of physicality.

Whomever it is, Rousey exceeded expectations in a big way on Sunday night. And there's little doubt she could do so again, as long as the circumstances line up right.

Brock Lesnar shocked the world by hitting six F-5s to defeat Roman Reigns and successfully defend his Universal championship at WrestleMania 34. But where do we go from here? Courtesy of WWE

What's next for Lesnar and Styles?

The anecdotal evidence seemed to point towards both Brock Lesnar and AJ Styles losing their titles on Sunday, but here we are. The next chapter looks drastically different for the Universal champion and WWE champion respectively, though, especially with rumors of a Lesnar return to MMA fueled by statements from UFC President Dana White and Paul Heyman himself.

Will Lesnar work both part-time? It seemed to work out sometimes over the past year, like at SummerSlam, although at other times the Universal championship was hardly the most important storyline on Raw. Further, the fact that Braun Strowman is a tag team champion ostensibly takes him out of the title mix for the moment -- and you'd think Roman Reigns will take a hiatus from going after Lesnar's gold after once again falling short in the WrestleMania main event.

So who's left? Not Seth Rollins, who's recently been given a big push in a different direction as the new Intercontinental champion. Maybe a David vs. Goliath Finn Balor feud, giving Balor his long-awaited rematch against the much larger Lesnar? Perhaps a return to tensions with a newly healthy Samoa Joe? Honestly, there is no clear narrative at the moment.

Styles, on the other hand, has a clear direction thanks to the postmatch activities of Shinsuke Nakamura. After defeating his long-awaited foe and defending his WWE championship, Nakamura feigned respect only to land a shocking low-blow and postmatch attack. The about-face for Nakamura will give this rivalry much-needed heat and an extended shelf life, and should offer Nakamura more of an opportunity to really let his personality grow.

After a successful return to the ring at WrestleMania 34, the options for Daniel Bryan seem endless -- but the decision of his next opponent should be handled with care. Courtesy of WWE

How long until Daniel Bryan makes a main event-level impact?

No one really knew what to expect when Daniel Bryan stepped into the ring as a competitor for the first time in almost three years, but by all indications he seemingly hasn't lost a step. Bryan was victorious on Sunday night, which officially sent Kevin Owens and Sami Zayn packing from SmackDown, and now the questions begin. Does he officially cast off his role of general manager of SmackDown on Tuesday, and if so, where does he go from here?

There's a fine line here. Fans are fully behind him, and you don't want to mess around with meaningless rivalries that take any of the shine off his return, but you also don't want to rush him back into the world title picture before it makes sense. Ultimately, Bryan needs to work his way up and take some beatings, just not the kind that could put his health at risk. Finding an antagonist right off the bat would have been easier had Bryan and Shane McMahon lost on Sunday against Owens and Zayn, but with the two of them gone, it's going to be hard to determine what's next unless there's an instant roster shakeup in store.

The clear answer here would be if The Miz makes a move to Tuesdays, or Bryan goes to Raw, allowing each to pay off years of unrequited tensions.

Now that's she ended Asuka's streak, what's next for Charlotte Flair?

Charlotte Flair put on an unbelievable performance in New Orleans, taking down a previously undefeated Asuka in what stands as one of the best, if not the best, match on the WrestleMania 34 card. So what's next? It's not an easy answer, if only because the depth and star power on SmackDown Live don't seem to measure up to what's happening on Raw.

The idea of Flair feuding with Ruby Riott or someone on the Riott Squad seems anticlimactic after the lead-up to WrestleMania, as does a tiff with Naomi, who surprised everyone by sneaking back into the ring and winning the inaugural WrestleMania women's battle royal. There's always Becky Lynch, the one potentially big-money rivalry that hasn't been explored much on SmackDown, but without something like a battle royal victory that could've thrust her forward, her current trajectory seems more appropriate for an emeritus member of SmackDown than true title contender.

Thankfully, that leads us directly into our next question.

What superstars would benefit most from a brand switch?

Let's start with Bliss, who has spent time and succeeded on each show. Her versatility speaks to her talent level, and for now, a change would do her good after running the gamut with matches against every woman of note on the Raw roster including Nia Jax, to whom Bliss lost her Raw women's championship on Sunday.

A Bliss return to SmackDown could allow for a chance to revisit tensions with Flair for months to come. They faced off at Survivor Series, but that was a de facto All-Star game-type event that felt rather flat when all was said and done. SmackDown needs depth in the women's field, and Bliss is a big-time name.

The Undertaker looked far more mobile Sunday than he did a year ago against Roman Reigns, but it's hard to say what his future holds after his brief match with John Cena. Courtesy of WWE

Speaking of much-needed depth, how much would Raw benefit from acquiring The Usos, who lost their titles on Sunday in relatively short order? They spent 306 days over two stints as SmackDown champs since the beginning of 2017, and it was far from a Lesnar-esque reign. The Usos competed nearly every week, putting on one great match after another. But the reality is, there isn't anything fresh for them on Tuesday nights.

And wouldn't you know it, Monday nights need a shock to the system to revive the tag team division. As stellar as the talent on Raw's roster is, there's a noticeable tag team chasm. Jeff Hardy and Jason Jordan have been injured, while two longtime tried and true teams, The Revival and Gallows & Anderson, are midcard players at best these days and largely get forgotten.

The Bar, of course, has worked brilliantly since Sheamus and Cesaro finally got on the same page, but their current run didn't garner much visceral heat with anyone as they essentially stampeded over everyone until they lost their tag team titles to Strowman and a young fan at WrestleMania.

The most likely performers to switch brands, though, have to be Owens and Zayn, if only because they were officially fired from SmackDown after their loss to Bryan and McMahon. How much fun would it be to see KO and Zayn wreak havoc with new Intercontinental champ Rollins or Balor, or even Reigns, who needs a new foe?

The Usos have accomplished everything the could've done on SmackDown, and now that their tag team title reign is over, they could do a world of good on Monday Night Raw. Courtesy of WWE

Why has WWE failed to take advantage of the popularity of Rusev?

If any question doesn't have a satisfying answer, it's the curious case of Rusev. His renaissance is one of the most unlikely and welcome narratives in a long time among fans, and yet he nearly didn't even find his way onto the main card.

He has great charisma, athleticism and in-ring work, and yet he continues to founder in the midcard with no real sense of direction. Not only did he fail to secure the United States title Sunday, he was the one pinned by Jinder Mahal in a baffling moment that took the wind out of the sails for a stretch on the WrestleMania card. Rusev Day won't last forever, and it could've been a truly special moment to see him celebrate with a crowd going into a frenzy -- even if it was a half-hearted, Zack Ryder-esque short-lived reign.

What rivalry should we looking forward to most in the next couple of months?

We're going with Rollins and Balor. Yes, they have been in the ring a lot lately, but only to build their WrestleMania match. The rivalry never had a chance to blossom with a more personal story after SummerSlam 2016. It's time for these two to spend some quality time -- sans The Miz -- as they continue to elevate the Intercontinental championship.

The WWE hasn't fully taken advantage of the wave of support behind Rusev, and they missed out on a feel-good moment in the United States championship match at WrestleMania. Courtesy of WWE

So who should The Undertaker face in WrestleMania 35?

Granted, The Undertaker did not have a long performance against John Cena on Sunday, but he was certainly better than he was a year ago. It seems unlikely to have such a one-sided match and have that be the end of it, and the possibility exists that he could even appear outside of the realm of WrestleMania. If history with the likes of Triple H and Shawn Michaels is any indication, Cena may well want his revenge for this embarrassing showing.

Will Roman Reigns ever win the Universal championship?

Probably, but based on what we saw at WrestleMania 34, it was evident he lacks versatility compared to others, and fans are simply not buying into him as the underdog or the representative of the people. You almost feel for him at this point, because as much as we think he's been spoon fed in this company, he hasn't had anything close to resembling a long run as heavyweight champ, totaling just over 100 days in three stints. On two different occasions, Reigns appeared likely to step up as the heir apparent at WrestleMania, only for the main event result to go a different direction.

Reigns needs a break from the title picture for now, which begs the question, then what? Maybe he gets into the Intercontinental picture again with Rollins and Balor? Or maybe just a good old-fashioned blood feud with a returning Samoa Joe? That'd be fun.

Which loser Sunday will rebound the quickest?

Sing it together ... Rusev Daaaaaayyyyyyy!GREEN BAY, Wis. -- Three years ago, the Green Bay Packers drafted cornerbacks with their first- and second-round picks. The first-round pick, Damarious Randall, flopped and was traded last month to the Browns. The second-round pick, Quinten Rollins, still has a shot to factor into the rotation.

Nearly 20 years ago, they used their first three picks on cornerbacks. Much like the 2015 draft, it was the last of the cornerbacks taken who made it. Third-round pick Mike McKenzie turned into a standout -- before his contract holdout led to his exit -- while first-round pick Antuan Edwards moved to safety and made minimal impact and second-rounder Fred Vinson was traded to the Seahawks in the Ahman Green deal.

In between, the Packers also picked cornerbacks with their first two picks of the 2005 draft -- Ahmad Carroll in the first round and Joey Thomas in the third -- and neither panned out. They were better known for a meeting-room brawl than anything they did on the field.

Josh Jackson had eight interceptions in his only season as a starter at Iowa. Eric Gay/Associated Press

Here are the Packers, who opened their rookie camp Friday, with a draft class that features cornerbacks both in the first and second round. The idea here isn’t to put a damper on expectations for Louisville’s Jaire Alexander, the 18th overall pick, but rather to remember that pick No. 45, Iowa’s Josh Jackson, might have just as good a chance to become a star -- or even an immediate starter -- as Alexander.

“I think those are two totally different situations,” Packers general manager Brian Gutekunst said when asked about the similarities to the 2015 draft. “The two corners that we picked, we’re really, really high on and their upside. They’re very good college players, they’re very good athletes. So I don’t really want to compare the two, and I wouldn’t necessarily say that was a disappointment either. We still have one good player from that draft, and we expect big things from Quinten, and the previous player that was here is a talented player. So, rosters evolve and this was a chance for us to kind of really beef up our secondary, and we think we did that.”

Some mock drafts even predicted the Packers would take Jackson in the first round. But he was there for Gutekunst in the second, and after the Redskins traded up to No. 44 and took receiver Dante Pettis, the first-year GM decided to double up at cornerback.

“We were pretty surprised that Josh lasted as long as he did,” Gutekunst said shortly after the pick. “You’re playing through all the scenarios as we started to get close to our pick and you had a certain number of players [ranked] ‘A,’ ‘B,’ ‘C,’ ‘D.’ And we really liked Pettis from Washington, but our ‘A’ was there, so we went with it.”

The biggest question with Jackson is whether 2017 was a fluke or the start of something special. It was his only season as a college starter, but he led the nation with eight interceptions -- including three against Ohio State and two (both returned for touchdowns) against Wisconsin. Jackson’s ball skills might be rooted in his history as a receiver -- he caught nine touchdown passes as a high school senior.

He turned pro with only 14 starts to his credit and with a year of eligibility left.

“If you're familiar with Iowa football, that's how they do it there,” Packers college scout Alonzo Dotson said. “They breed those guys up through the ranks, and they do it the right way as far as who is going to play, and he's no different. There were two NFL guys [Desmond King of the Chargers and Greg Mabin of the 49ers] prior to him, so he earned his way. And when he did, he did a great job."

At just over 6 feet tall, Jackson has the height edge on Alexander (5-foot-10¼) but not the speed. He ran a surprisingly slow 4.56-second 40-yard dash at the combine, whereas Alexander ran it in 4.38 seconds.

“They both are excellent ball hawks,” Gutekunst said. “They find the ball, not only coming forward but with their back to the ball. Certainly one is a taller, longer player; one is probably going to be more twitchy and explosive. I think they both have the versatility outside and in the nickel. They’ve done it in college; it’s not something we’re projecting, but it’s something that they’ve done. There’s some similarities. When they stand next to each other, you’re not going to see them, but I think from their play style and their play technique there are some similarities.”

The Packers might need an immediate starter in the nickel package, assuming last year’s top pick Kevin King and veteran free agent Tramon Williams start at the two outside positions. However, it’s possible new defensive coordinator Mike Pettine could use Williams inside as a way to mask his age if there’s a significant decline in speed.

Mel Kiper Jr. declared the Packers as one of the Day 2 winners in the draft, largely because of the Jackson pick. He called Jackson “the best player on the board” at No. 45 and added that Alexander and Jackson are “two solid players to pair with second-year stud Kevin King.”

“I got drafted now, so really, my main focus is to come here, work hard and try to earn everything I work for,” Jackson said. “That's the main thing I'm worried about. The round I was drafted doesn't matter. Wherever I'm drafted, I'm happy, and it's a great opportunity. So I just want to come here and show what I'm worth. I know I can play ball. That's the main goal for me.”Two-time defending champions Patna Pirates take on newcomers Gujarat Fortunegiants in the final of the fifth season of the Pro Kabaddi League (PKL) in Chennai on Saturday.

Gujarat have been, by far, the best team this season, losing only four of the 23 matches they've played. Patna, on the other hand, have lost seven matches but are on a three-match winning streak with their captain and lead raider Pardeep Narwal in imperious form. Their significantly-improved defence during the playoffs and the experience of having won two previous finals is likely to aid Patna.

Form guide (last five matches, most recent first)

Gujarat: WWWWW

Patna: WWWTL

In the spotlight

Gujarat won both their matches against Patna in the league stage and Abozar Meghani was the star in defence on both occasions. The powerful Iranian right corner tackled Patna's top raiders Pardeep and Monu Goyat successfully to keep them on the bench for a long duration of the match. Gujarat have conceded the least points this season and their formidable defence has been key in limiting opponents to low raid-point tallies.

While Pardeep and Goyat have rightly gotten a lot of accolades, 20-year-old all-rounder Vijay has largely flown under the radar but has made valuable contributions in defence as well as raids. Vijay has only gotten opportunities to raid when both Pardeep and Goyat are off court, because of which he has scored more tackle points (33) than raid points (24). His versatility has helped him play as left in or right in and he has been particularly effective with his precise ankle holds.

Probable team line-ups

Pardeep Narwal (in yellow) Pro Kabaddi League

Patna have stuck to the same starting seven in all three of their playoff matches and it will be no surprise to see an unchanged line-up for the fourth match in succession. Jawahar Dagar and Jaideep will man the right and left corner, respectively, while Vishal Mane and Sachin Shingade will play as right and left cover, respectively. Pardeep, Goyat and Vijay will be the three raiders again in all likelihood.

Gujarat coach Manpreet Singh has generally used the same four defenders in all their matches barring injuries and Fazel Atrachali (left corner), Meghani (right corner), Sunil Kumar (right cover) and Parvesh Bhainswal (left cover) are likely to start this match too. Manpreet is spoiled for choice when it comes to the raiders but Sachin, Mahendra Rajput and Ranjit Chandran might be the three raiders who start, with Sukesh Hegde, Rohit Gulia and Rakesh Narwal being the substitute raiders.

Battles to watch out for

Sachin vs. Jaideep

Sachin (in yellow and red) has used his height to his advantage while raiding and has also proved useful in defence. Genesis BM

18-year-old Sachin has been Gujarat's most successful raider in his debut PKL season, standing out in a young team. Similarly, Jaideep has also been the standout performer in Patna's defence in his maiden season. With the experienced Sachin and right corner Jawahar Dagar having a relatively below-par season, Jaideep has often bailed the team out of trouble. With Sachin being particularly proficient at getting bonus points, Jaideep's ankle hold might come in handy for Patna.

Pardeep Narwal vs. Fazel Atrachali

Pro Kabaddi League

Both Pardeep and Atrachali have led their teams by example, letting their performances do the talking. The irrepressible Pardeep has scored 18 Super 10s in just 24 matches but failed to score more than five points in either of the two matches against Gujarat in the league stage. Fazel was key to keeping Pardeep quiet in the first of those two matches and will have to be at his best again if Gujarat are to have a chance of keeping their unbeaten record against Patna intact.

Final word

The match may well be decided by the battle between Patna's raiders and Gujarat's defence. If Gujarat's defenders can consign Pardeep and Goyat to the bench for more than 15 minutes each, they could become the fourth team to win the PKL and Manpreet could become the first man to win the tournament as both player and coach, having been a part of Patna's title-winning team in 2015.Abhinav Bindra, one of the 14 members of the jury for the first ESPN India Awards, on his voting choices:

I thought the nominations were pretty good, well-researched and covered all kinds of sports and all the relevant performances of the year. I think the research which went behind it was pretty comprehensive.

For me, selecting the winners was all to do with what the breakthrough performances were, what the field of play was as well, and that to me was an important aspect. The level of competition was important to judge because sometimes you have to go into the details of what the performances have been to really understand the magnitude of the achievement.

Editor's Picks Sportsman of the Year nominees: Super Srikanth, consistent Chhetri and more 2017 was the year of Kidambi Srikanth's rise, Sunil Chhetri's consistency, Pankaj Advani's long list of records and so much more. Here are ESPN India's nominations for the year's best sportsmen.

Swift Sindhu, tenacious Mirabai sparkle in Sportswoman of the Year nominations From Mirabai Chanu's magnificent win at the Weightlifting World Championships to yet another scintillating year for PV Sindhu, here are ESPN India's nominations for the Sportsperson of the Year (female). 1 Related

I think both Kidambi Srikanth and PV Sindhu had a fantastic year, and that made them stand out in the Sportsperson of the Year nominations. I think for me, Srikanth was somebody who made a breakthrough. Sindhu was already well established and had won the Olympic silver medal -- she's already right there. For me, he [Srikanth] made some really good breakthroughs and that was fantastic to see.

I think there are lots of breakthrough performances coming through in shooting as well, with lots of younger people from the juniors coming up with good performances. However, it's a long year ahead, and the real competitions are yet to come -- the World Championships in August-September are probably the most important, and then you also have the Olympic qualification, where the quota places start. That's where the real test lies, and also the Asian Games and Commonwealth Games will be interesting and important, because it's an important step to compete at these multi-discipline events and it will give you the exposure going into the Olympics cycle. It has been a great start, with young people doing really well, but one has to be patient with them and give them time to consolidate on the gains that they have already made. I wish them luck for the big ones, which are coming up.

Personally, to me, awards didn't matter. They were not so important for me. Having said that, people are different and some people may get motivated by them. For me, the biggest motivation was to do well in competitions and anything else was just a byproduct of that. The goal always remained to do well in competitions -- that was the biggest award and the greatest acknowledgement one could get.

(As told to Debayan Sen)

Abhinav Bindra: India's first individual Olympic gold medallist and its most successful shooter, with a competitive career spanning over 15 years. Since retiring in 2016, Bindra has worked with government and non-government bodies in review and policy programmes and set up cutting-edge sports science centres in two cities.When Roma win at the Stadio Olimpico, Antonello Venditti's Grazie Roma booms out of the sound system. Wednesday's 4-2 victory against Liverpool ultimately wasn't enough to reach the Champions League final in Kiev. But the song captured the mood perfectly.

Roma had come close, turning the reverse fixture almost on its head. They even had people saying: "Roma couldn't, could they?" albeit for a brief moment. The possibility of another Romantada flickered only for the Giallorossi to fall a goal short of extra time. That's no small achievement when you recall Roma were 5-0 down in the 80th minute of the first leg.

The Stadio Olimpico broke out in applause at the final whistle. The ultras stayed back and sang their adaptation of "Don't Take Me Home". A show of gratitude, love and affection for a quite unexpected Champions League run, the deepest this club has experienced in 34 years.

The crowd could still be heard in the mixed zone when Roma's chairman and co-owner James Pallotta expressed his grievances with the officiating, calling it "really embarrassing" and "just an absolute joke." Roma sporting director Monchi said it was "time for Italian football to speak up" and make itself heard, following the line taken by Juventus chairman Andrea Agnelli after the Old Lady's elimination in the quarter-finals. "I don't understand why there is no VAR in the biggest competition there is in Europe," Monchi complained.

To be clear, Roma's problem was not with Liverpool. Both Pallotta and Monchi congratulated the Reds on reaching the final, describing them as a "great team." Their issue was instead with the standard of refereeing in a Champions League semi-final. It wasn't good enough. Liverpool's third goal at Anfield was offside and Roma should have had a couple of penalties at the Olimpico. Loris Karius took out Edin Dzeko only to be spared by the linesman who wrongly put his flag up for offside. Then Damir Skomina missed a goal-saving Trent Alexander-Arnold handball in the area.

Daniele De Rossi reflects on Roma's Champions League semi-final defeat to Liverpool. Photo by Silvia Lore/NurPhoto via Getty Images

The Liverpool goalkeeper wouldn't have been sent off under the new rules. Triple punishment has rightly been abolished by IFAB. But you can understand Pallotta's exasperation at the error. Had the penalty been given Roma would have had the chance to go 3-2 up with 25 minutes to go, needing two unanswered goals to force extra time. All of a sudden things could have got very nervy for Liverpool. Now, VAR isn't perfect. "Mistakes are still made," Monchi acknowledged, "but there are a lot less of them... We have the numbers to show the world VAR is better for everyone."

Of 1,566 decisions taken in Serie A this season, 94 have been corrected with only 16-18 mistakes. That's 1.1 percent. The average time taken in the worst case scenario, when a referee makes a clear and obvious error, needs an on field review and remedies a decision, is one minute and 22 seconds. Hardly a lifetime, is it? Not when the stakes are so high.

Reaching and winning the final would not only have been a dream for Roma, it would have been worth another €16 million. By the same token Liverpool are entitled to counter that VAR would likely have led to Sadio Mane being given a penalty in the first half and the one against them at the end being overruled. But the point still stands. Skomina had a shocker.

One man with some sympathy for the ref was Daniele De Rossi. Roma's captain was incredibly gracious in elimination. De Rossi saw Alexander-Arnold's handball but noticed no one else put their hand up or shouted: "Penalty." He doubted himself for a split second and asked Dzeko, his nearest teammate, if the Liverpool full-back had actually handled it. The Bosnian didn't think so. "It made me realise it wasn't easy for the ref to see," De Rossi said. In real-time he thought the decision to flag Dzeko offside was the right one too.

His manager Eusebio Di Francesco wasn't making excuses either. True, Skomina made some costly mistakes. But Di Francesco was big enough to admit his side did too. Radja Nainggolan set up Liverpool's first goal and the visitors' second arrived from the same situation as their fifth at Anfield: a corner kick. "Details make the difference in games like these," Di Francesco said. He didn't see what difference it would have made to protest Skomina's decisions. It would have been a waste of time. Time that could have been spent scoring goals.

That, in itself, is a telling insight into Di Francesco's character and the mentality he is seeking to instill at Roma. Other teams would have been resigned to their fate at 5-0 down and opted to go into damage limitation. But Roma came through the other side and made something of it. The same happened on Wednesday. Rather than get demoralised at twice falling behind, Roma dusted themselves off and came back to win. Aside from the blackout suffered between the 28th and 68th minutes at Anfield, they can have no regrets.

Edin Dzeko's exploits against Chelsea will make him a Roman hero for life. Getty

It's been an extraordinary European campaign for the Giallorossi. There have been some magic moments. Alisson's saves against Atletico Madrid. Dzeko's volley at Stamford Bridge. Bruno Peres' big toe in Kharkiv against Shakhtar Donetsk. Kostas Manolas' header against Barcelona and Pallotta's Anita Ekberg-esque fountain plunge. Di Francesco deserves a lot of credit. He caught a lot of flak last week, but as Monchi put it, Roma would not be in the semi-finals were it not for the boldness of his decisions and courage of his convictions.

If you need someone to get your team punching above its weight, Di Franceso is your guy. We saw it with Sassuolo. We're seeing it again with Roma. This is a club sandwiched between Zenit St Petersburg and Borussia Monchengladbach in the Deloitte Money League. They're 24th and make less than half of what Liverpool do. And yet somehow Roma contrived to reach the final four of the Champions League, doing it with a wage bill (£80m) close to the fee the Reds paid for Virgil van Dijk in January. No one expected them to get out of a group with Chelsea and Atletico Madrid, let alone top it. The 3-3 draw at Stamford Bridge, when Roma came back from 2-0 down to lead 3-2, was Roma's best performance away from home in Europe in ages. The comeback against Barcelona was simply legendary.

Nights like that are attracting new commercial partners. Roma now have a shirt sponsor for the first time in five years. They should also capture the imagination of recruitment targets too. It's vital Roma build on this campaign. Everyone at the club is very ambitious. "Roma need to start thinking about making the semi-finals of the Champions League every three years, not every 30," De Rossi said. Expectations have been raised and managing them will not be easy. The aforementioned financial constraints remain and fans have to maintain a sense of realism and perspective. For now though the pride is immense.

"We've recreated something I haven't seen for a long, long time," De Rossi smiled. "Something I haven't seen since I was a kid, since the Roma-Brondby game, the Roma-Slavia Prague game, games that didn't end with a trophy but stayed in our hearts. Nights full of pride, love and Romanismo."

All that's left to say is Grazie Roma.UFC flyweight Ray Borg has withdrawn from a scheduled fight against Brandon Moreno on May 19 in Santiago, Chile, to focus on his newborn son, Anthony.

Borg (11-3), of Albuquerque, New Mexico, is currently in Denver, where his newborn son has undergone two brain surgeries this week. Sources confirmed Borg, 24, has withdrawn from his fight Friday, following an initial report by MMAFighting.com.

"Anthony's second surgery went well, but he unfortunately is having complications breathing and is hooked up to a breathing respirator," Borg wrote on social media. "He also underwent a blood transfusion this morning along with being hooked up to an EEG machine to check for possible seizures.

"Tough times ahead, thank you for your continued prayers."

In a social media post earlier this week, Borg revealed his son has been diagnosed with Hydrocephalus, a build-up of fluid in the brain.

This is the third time a matchup between Borg, a former title challenger, and Moreno has been canceled.

Borg was supposed to face Moreno at UFC 223 earlier this month in Brooklyn but withdrew during fight week due to an eye injury. The injury allegedly occurred during Conor McGregor's attack of a UFC bus at Barclays Center. Borg said he was hospitalized after shards of glass went into his eye.

The UFC has not yet stated whether Moreno (14-4) will remain on the event.Tyson Fury insisted becoming world champion again is not his motivation to return to boxing and branded fellow competitors Tony Bellew and David Haye "bums".

Fury (25-0, 18KOs), who is set to return to the ring on June 9 against a currently unnamed opponent, hasn't fought since his claiming the IBF, WBA and WBO heavyweight belts with victory over Wladimir Klitschko back in November 2015

Editor's Picks Fury eyeing his own Foreman-Ali moment LONDON -- Former WBA-IBF-WBO world heavyweight champion Tyson Fury vowed to win back his titles after it was announced his comeback will be shown on BT Sport on June 9.

However, he was forced to vacate all three straps due to ongoing issues outside the ring, but he is now in the frame to potentially win them back.

"I'm not really interested in the belts, I've won all of them," Fury told ESPN. "It's about being involved in fights and keeping active, that's all I want to be.

"If it's big fights or small fights, all fights, because I love fighting. That's what I love. Maybe four or five fights this year.

"Whoever it is in front of me, I'm sure I'll deal with them very well. It's not of any importance who the opponent is at all for any of my fights. I just want to keep busy and keep active."

The Manchester boxer also had his say on the upcoming heavyweight rematch between Bellew and Haye, a match-up Bellew won last time out back in March 2017.

"They're both a pair of bums," Fury added. "Nope, no agreement [to fight Bellew in the past]. Tony Bellew's a bum, just like David Haye."

The pair will meet in their rematch on May 5 at London's O2 Arena.ABOUT COOKIES

We use cookies to help make this website better, to improve our services and for advertising purposes. You can learn more about our use of cookies and change your browser settings in order to avoid cookies by clicking here. Otherwise, we'll assume you are OK to continue.

ContinueIn her WWE in-ring debut, Ronda Rousey lands a fury of punches to both Stephanie McMahon and Triple H. Rousey, alongside Kurt Angle, would go on to win the match. (0:20)

NEW ORLEANS -- It has taken Ronda Rousey a long time to make sense of the way her UFC career ended, much less talk openly about it.

Two months ago, when she signed with the WWE at the Royal Rumble, she teared up when the subject was even broached.

But Sunday night, after her sizzling debut win at WrestleMania 34 in a tag team match with Kurt Angle against Stephanie McMahon and Triple H, she seemed to find a new way of processing things.

"It was me versus the world in an individual sport," Rousey said. "I thought I would never say this, but I'm so happy I lost those fights [to Holly Holm and Amanda Nunes] because it led me here. This is so worth it.

Editor's Picks Rousey makes WWE debut at full Superdome Ronda Rousey entered the ring for the first match of her career Sunday night at WrestleMania 34 in front of a sellout crowd in New Orleans chanting her name to start the match.

WrestleMania 34 recap - Ronda shines in debut, Charlotte ends Asuka's streak, new champs galore Ronda Rousey shined in her WrestleMania debut, Daniel Bryan brought back the YES movement and a number of titles changed hands at WrestleMania 34. 1 Related

"Everything really does happen for a reason. I'm just so grateful. I thought I never would be [grateful] for [the losses], but time is a great teacher. I'm just really, really glad I gave it time instead of giving up and feeling it was the end of the world. There's so many people who encounter tragedies who feel like the world and time won't heal it. But all I can say to those people is: Just give it time, even if you think time can't heal it. You never know what will happen and where it will lead you. Every missed opportunity is a blessing in disguise. I really believe it now."

For years, Rousey and Conor McGregor were the headliners in the UFC, pushing and carrying the sport to unprecedented levels of fame and success. It was exhilarating and overwhelming, rocketing to the top of the world to the point where a fall from grace was almost predictable for both of them -- especially in a sport as volatile and vicious as mixed martial arts.

Rousey's came via a kick to the face from Holm at UFC 193 in Australia in November 2015. McGregor's might have come this weekend in Brooklyn when he was arrested and charged with three counts of misdemeanor assault and one felony count of criminal mischief for throwing a hand dolly through the window of a bus at UFC 223.

But in a way, both events were set up long in advance as the demands of white-hot superstardom and the responsibilities of headlining and keeping the UFC in the headlines began to crack each of their seemingly invincible veneers.

The metabolism of the modern media-and-fame cycle doesn't allow for long reigns atop the celebrity or sports universes. To sustain interest, a star must be built up, torn down, grovel for forgiveness and triumphantly return a humbled, wiser person.

Ronda Rousey shined in her first WWE match at WrestleMania 34. Courtesy WWE

For Rousey, that time might finally be here.

"I owe the WWE universe an apology, because I thought they were going to boo me out of the building from day one," she said. "They really accepted me from day one. Hopefully, I satisfied a lot of skeptics tonight.

"I underestimated how kind the WWE universe would be. I thought any outsiders would be shunned. I was expecting to get shunned and to have to battle to be accepted. I worked my ass off to pay respect to what's so important to them, and hopefully they saw that tonight. I'm just so grateful, man. I'm trying my best to deserve it."

The MMA universe might take longer to come around. There's still a sense that she left the sport as a sore loser and without saying goodbye. But talking about and acknowledging the losses to Holm and Nunes, as she did Sunday night, is a good start.

So is showing support for female UFC fighters Joanna Jedrzejczyk and Rose Namajunas, as she did in a tweet after their epic fight Saturday night.

"Oh my god, I'm so proud of them. They're such great representatives of the sport. They're what that sport really needs -- women like them. It's just like a great sign for the future," Rousey said Sunday. "Every sport has its peaks and valleys, but I think they're a real testament to the staying power of the UFC.

"If anything, it was like a blessing sending me on my way. They had this amazing match, everyone's super stoked for them and the women's division. It was just like their way of telling me, 'Don't worry, go handle your thing and do what you're meant to do.'"

Rousey celebrated Sunday night the same way she used to celebrate wins as a UFC fighter -- with a huge plate of hot wings.

"The tradition continues," she said. "But only after pay-per-views. I gotta wrestle so often I can't have wings every night."

After she had a few, her new colleagues were offered some. After years of standing alone in the Octagon, it felt good to be part of a team, on which the responsibility to entertain and succeed is shared among many.

"It feels good," she said. "You ever go somewhere for the first time and it's like coming home or somewhere you've been before? It feels more familiar than it should."What Viswanathan Anand had planned as time off from the board turned out to be his most successful week in chess in an otherwise forgettable year. The last-minute sign-up for the World Rapid and Blitz Championship in Riyadh ended up fetching him a title in a format he believed didn't suit an aging multiple-time champion like him any more. But the mini fist pump on Thursday, a rare visible celebration, which came after beating Vladimir Fedoseev in a two-game tie-break to reclaim the world rapid crown, was what one had probably last seen him break into after his 1996 win over Garry Kasparov at the Credit Suisse Masters, a major PCA tournament at that time, in Geneva, Switzerland.

It showed how much the victory at the fag end of an insipid year, where he'd knocked himself out of contention for next year's Candidates line-up and a possible World Championship challenger berth, mattered. It was the perfect demonstration of his mastery over age and time. "I came into this tournament after a very difficult year -- especially the London tournament was a big disappointment," says Anand, 48. "To finish in last place was a heavy blow and didn't seem to promise great things for this tournament either and my last two rapid tournaments have been nothing short of disastrous. I came with a pessimistic frame of mind but it has just been the most wonderful surprise. It was as though time had stood still." Anand had last won the world rapid title in 2003.

"I came with a pessimistic frame of mind but it has just been the most wonderful surprise. It was as though time had stood still."

The five-time world champion had his tournament calendar chalked out early -- slotting a family holiday in Kumarakom during the month's break between the London Chess Classic, which concluded on December 11, and the next tournament in Wijk aan Zee on January 12. But a casual query from a friend at the world chess body Fide and some cajoling by wife Aruna got Anand to change his mind. It was somewhat similar to how he played and eventually won the 2014 Candidates. Then it had been friend and fellow GM Vladimir Kramnik who had got him to cancel his vacation with family in Tanzania and participate.

Thanks all!! Feeling is like floating. My head keeps playing the song... we are the champions! The words ring so true. More on this moment after the blitz! - Viswanathan Anand (@vishy64theking) 28 December 2017

What got Anand believing and backing himself to take home the title in Riyadh was a stunning win against world No. 1 Magnus Carlsen in 34 moves in the ninth round. Playing with black pieces, Anand says both players "had hallucinations that it was a draw offer". "Since I had a guaranteed draw, I decided to spend a few minutes just looking for something else and after two minutes it suddenly hit me that I was winning and when I looked at his face I realized that it hit him as well," he says. "In the last two years he's won all the rapid events and with such tremendous margins really that beating him was crucial, an accomplishment and, given our history, there was an extra bit of feeling."

Congratulations to the man from the sixties, @vishy64theking, on his World Rapid title! I hope you dedicated this latest victory to everyone who has asked you when you were going to retire! - Garry Kasparov (@Kasparov63) 28 December 2017

To recover from all that went wrong and put the year behind him, Anand returned home to Chennai from London earlier this month and plunged headlong into a whole range of activities he usually doesn't indulge in -- from shopping, cake-eating to binge-watching Madagascar movies. The rapid and blitz tournament, which was announced late, was farther than the farthest thought on his mind.

Having once ruled the format and earned the 'Lightning Kid' sobriquet, Anand did poorly at the St Louis rapid tournament in August. He ended ninth, even one spot below former world No. 1 Kasparov, 54, who was making his appearance at a competitive tournament after 12 years. In the immediate aftermath, Anand was to allude to age being more than just a number in faster time controls. "There's a [age glass] ceiling, no doubt. I was once the poster boy for rapid chess," he'd lamented then. The ceiling probably was only an imaginary one.

But what moved him to board the plane to the Saudi Arabian city was the thought that any result couldn't possibly be worse than what he'd already encountered.

"It's an absolutely unbelievable feeling and just so unexpected after all the disappointments in rapid chess. I wasn't even planning on coming here to begin with."

After his win over Carlsen though, Anand's hopes soared and he swiftly moved into a three-way tie with Russians Fedoseev and Ian Nepomniatchi at 10.5 points before finishing with the title -- having remained unbeaten over 15 rounds with six wins and nine draws. "There were so many unexpected turns," he says. "Once Nepomniatchi won his game and tied for first, I thought I would have to win against him but then a little later Fedoseev won and I realized my tiebreak would actually be against him. Even feeling euphoric, I had to keep containing my happiness because there was still work to be done."

It has been five years since his last World Championship title and with this win Anand has shown why he can't be counted out just yet. And his family is more than willing to forgive him for his transgression of ditching a quiet holiday getaway for announcing his return as world champion. "It's an absolutely unbelievable feeling and just so unexpected after all the disappointments in rapid chess," says Anand. "I wasn't even planning on coming here to begin with. Becoming world champion again is the most amazing feeling."The fifth season of the Pro Kabaddi League (PKL) had as many as 12 teams participating but the winners, Patna Pirates, were the same as the previous two seasons, when eight teams were in contention. Patna, though, never quite had it easy. Despite being two-time champions, they did not start the league as favourites and had to complete an unprecedented hat-trick the hard way.

While the tournament's leading scorer Pardeep Narwal was key to the team's success, coach Ram Mehar Singh was equally instrumental.

Speaking about that win, he says, "When I played the sport, we did not have the PKL or other leagues. The Asian Games was the pinnacle of achievement for all the kabaddi players. India's proud record at the tournament means that anything less than winning gold is a failure for us."

Singh had an onerous task on his hands, with his predecessors Sanjiv Balyan and Arjun Singh having led the team to the title in the last two seasons. Despite an expanded, three-month-long season, the Pirates only bought 18 players at the auction with just one overseas player.

"In such a long season, it is very important to keep the players motivated. We had a young team with a nice blend of youth and experience. While the likes of Pardeep Narwal, Monu Goyat and Vishal Mane are vastly experienced, we had a lot of young players like Vijay, Jaideep and Jawahar Dagar.

"With a young team, it is important to give them clearly-defined roles and encourage them to play their natural game. There's no use of yelling at the players or demotivating them because they only learn by playing more and getting more opportunities."

Patna Pirates celebrate their third Pro Kabaddi League, with coach Ram Mehar Singh (right, holding the trophy) a part of the celebrations. Pro Kabaddi League

As the Pirates finished second in Zone B behind the Bengal Warriors, they had to win four matches in the Playoffs to win the title. Their toughest challenge came in the final, where they faced newcomers Gujarat Fortunegiants, arguably the most promising team in the fifth season.

"We had lost both our matches in the league stage against Gujarat and their team had a defence that was far more experienced than ours but I knew that Pardeep and Monu were in very good form throughout the season and it would be tough for any defence to stop them."

Pardeep and Monu scored a combined total of 28 points to seal the title for Patna but Pardeep's best display in the tournament came against Haryana Steelers in the Play-offs -- in a match where he scored an eight-point raid, a feat that was never seen before in the PKL.

"With Pardeep, his skillset is such that you can not do much to stop him. As captain, he single-handedly guided the team to wins in some crucial matches. His reaction time and speed is better than anyone else in the tournament. If you look at that eight-point raid, he touched all those six defenders in a span of two or three seconds to inflict an all-out."

So what role did he play in the captain's unstoppable run? "I don't have to tell him much. All I ask him to do is be fearless and play his natural game. When Pardeep is at his best, it is almost impossible for anyone to stop him," says Singh, modestly.

Pardeep Narwal at the start of his eight-point raid against Haryana Steelers. Pro Kabaddi League

For those who don't know, Singh is one of India's most decorated players and was a part of the team which won Gold at the Asian Games in 1998 and 2002. He was, in fact, the captain of the team that remained unbeaten in South Korea in 2002.

Singh was conferred with the Arjuna award for his outstanding performance at the 2002 Asian Games. He then started coaching the Air Force and Services team at the national level in 2004. With both those teams doing well, Singh was approached to take over as the coach of the Patna Pirates before season five.

Ask him what his favourite moment has been in his 25-year association with kabaddi, and he says, "Captaining the Indian team to a Gold at the 2002 Asian Games has to be the best. Patna's hat-trick of titles comes a close second."

Singh, who is currently coaching at the national camp, where players are training for the Asian Games, however, has one special wish that he would like to work on in the coming years.

"My ultimate aim would be to add a Dronacharya award to the Arjuna award I won more than a decade ago," he smiles.Gold Coast -- London Olympics bronze medalist Gagan Narang won a silver while Swapnil Kusale and Annu Raj Singh bagged a bronze each, as India continued their strong showing at the Commonwealth Shooting Championship.

Narang finished second on the podium in the men's 50m rifle prone event and youngster Swapnil won bronze in the same event. In the final, Narang shot 246.3 to end just 1.4 points adrift the leader and settled for the second place. The experienced Annu Raj secured the women's 25m pistol bronze.

On day three of competitions, India's medal hunt started when both Narang and Swapnil qualified for the eight-man final.

Narang scored 617.6 after 60 shots while Swapnil outshone his decorated team-mate with a score of 619.1. Gold medalist Dane Sampson of Australia topped the qualifying with a Commonwealth record of 624.3.

Sushil Ghalay, India's third contestant, shot 614.1 to finish 10th among the 22 participants.

In the final, Swapnil was again the stronger to start with, briefly leading after the 10th shot, while Dane steered clear of the field after the 18th shot of the 24-shot final.

Narang and Swapnil continued to fight for the second and third places, before the former clinched it after the 22nd shot.

Dane registered a winning score of 247.7, Narang ended with 246.3, while Swapnil shot 225.6.

"It was a very windy day and I had to dig deep. It was a test of my patience as I had to release my shots at the right time," Narang said.

Narang knows that there is a lot of work to be done ahead of the 2018 Commonwealth Games.

"It was a test event for the Commonwealth Games next year and one of the things to test was the wind conditions and I did just that today. The final score still can be better and I know that I need to put in some more in that direction."

In the women's 25m pistol, Heena Sidhu was among the three Indians who qualified for the final. Annu Raj, however, was the best placed Indian in qualifying with a score of 578.

Rahi Sarnobat had the same score but finished third in qualifying on count-back. Heena qualified in fifth place shooting 571.

In the final, Annu Raj called on all her experience to start the strongest in the field with a pair of perfect 5s in the first two five-shot series.

However, the Australian pair of Lalita Yauhleuskaya and Elena Galiabovitch were strong throughout to finish 1-2 with scores of 35 and 32 after the 10th and final series.

Annu Raj secured third place with 28, bowing out of the final after the ninth series. Heena finished fifth with a tally of 21, while Rahi ended sixth after shooting 17 in the final.

India have so far accumulated 10 medals in rifle and pistol from the Commonwealth Shooting Championships.My mom just asked pointing to Prithvi Shaw-who's this short guy with MRF bat! He's reminding me of @sachin_rt #IPL2018 #DDvRR — Gamora's Daddy (@AB_arpit) May 2, 2018

They're easily excitable, for one. But there are a few similarities, not just in their stance and style, but in their stories. Like Tendulkar, Shaw shot to fame when barely into his teens. At 14, he scored 546 in a school game, the highest score in schools cricket at the time - Tendulkar, of course, once held the record for the highest partnership in schools cricket for a stand with Vinod Kambli. And now, Shaw, still just 18, is a regular member of the Mumbai Ranji Trophy team and has had three impressive innings this IPL, the latest a 25-ball 47 against Rajasthan Royals.

It's not just Tendulkar Shaw is being compared to. There have been comparisons between his backlift and Brian Lara's, and between his cover drive and Virat Kohli's. But enough of the hype. Is he really that good? What has impressed viewers is that Shaw has been able to score 140 runs this IPL at 166.67 without slogging much. He has slogged at just five of the 84 balls he has faced, while he has got 23 runs from eight cover drives and 27 from 10 off drives. There have also been 13 cuts and nine pulls.

So we know he can score around the ground, but where have bowlers bowled to him? He has had 42 length balls to attack, but even when it's been dropped short, he is striking at 151.51. No one has bowled a yorker to him, though, so if he lasts till the death overs, that will be a new challenge.

Is it deja vu for Delhi?

Last season, Delhi Daredevils had just two wins after eight games. Then, their young Indian batsmen struck form. Rishabh Pant hit a 97 and a couple of quick 30s, Shreyas Iyer scored 96 against Gujarat Lions, and Karun Nair played three impressive innings to help Daredevils win four in five. It was too late for Daredevils, though. They fell four points short of the playoff spots. This season, Daredevils had just one win after six games. Since then, Pant and Iyer, accompanied this time by Prithvi Shaw, have begun to torment bowling attacks, delivering two wins in their past three games. It may well be too late again.

Jos Buttler strikes much faster in the middle order than a lot of other batsmen in the Rajasthan Royals squad ESPNcricinfo Ltd

Why hasn't Jos Buttler been opening?

Jos Buttler opened in 10 games for Mumbai Indians last season and scored 272 runs at a strike rate of 153.67. But this season, he had not batted higher than No. 5 till the shortened game against Delhi Daredevils. After he smashed 67 off 26 balls, there were, understandably, some murmurings about how he should have been up top from the start.

Buttler's position has been decided less by his own abilities as his teammates'. Royals came in to the tournament stacked in the top order, with Ajinkya Rahane, Sanju Samson, Rahul Tripathi and D'Arcy Short all in the squad. But in the middle order, they had only Ben Stokes as a reliable hitter. Rahane strikes at just 116.34 when he bats at No.5 or lower, Short has never batted anywhere but in the top two, and even Samson, who does score rapidly in the death when he's already set, strikes at just 111.18 when he comes in after No.4. Buttler has actually batted in the middle order for most of his career - he has opened in just 23 of his 221 T20 games - and so was assigned that role.

When asked if Buttler would continue to open after his innings in Delhi, Royals captain Rahane said it was an option but not a certainty.

D'Arcy Short has struck at just 101.83 against spin this IPL ESPNcricinfo Ltd

What happened to the BBL D'Arcy Short?

For those who follow T20 cricket globally, D'Arcy Short was one of the most exciting additions to the IPL this season. He had been the leading run-getter in the 2017-18 Big Bash League, scoring his runs at 148.57, and then got two fifties and two thirties for Australia in his first five T20 internationals. But after five innings for Royals, Short has cost his team almost 40 runs thanks to a smart strike rate of 75.80. So what has gone wrong? He can't seem to get the spinners away. He's attempting a few too many flicks and on drives (20 combined off the 53 balls he's faced from spinners) and they are not yielding many runs. And it doesn't help that he's only in control around 71% of the time against spinners.

Teams have figured this out and are bowling as much spin to him as possible. Daredevils got in eight balls from Shahbaz Nadeem and Amit Mishra to Short that went for just five runs, and though Short eventually accelerated against Glenn Maxwell, the asking rate for Royals had already climbed to 17.00 per over by then.

One thing Short may want to try is going down the Chris Lynn route and pulling out the sweep shot. He's attempted just one sweep against spinners this IPL.

Why was Maxwell given the 10th over?

With Royals needing 52 off 18 balls, Shreyas Iyer handed the ball to part-time offspinner Glenn Maxwell. This might have seemed like an odd decision, but Iyer did not have much of a choice. Since the game had been reduced to 12 overs, only two bowlers were allowed to bowl a quota of three, with everyone else allowed only two or less. Four bowlers had completed two overs each, and Iyer wanted Plunkett and Boult to each bowl their third. That meant he needed to get one over from either Shahbaz Nadeem, Vijay Shankar or Maxwell. Iyer clearly did not want to expose the medium pace of Shankar to Short and opted for Maxwell over Nadeem, perhaps, because he would turn the ball away from the left-hander rather than in to him. It nearly cost Daredevils big, as Short hit Maxwell's first three balls for six before holing out.With 12 minutes to go, India's progress in the Gold Coast women's hockey competition was to be elevated by a golden goal. Three quarters of gritty, sticky-defence and flails on goal, was leading to butterflies over the team's passage into the semi-final.

Sum and substance: India are through to the semi-final of the Gold Coast Commonwealth Games defeating South Africa 1-0 in their last group game.

Residual fact - if you missed that goal, go and find it on our CWG page. It was a passage of play that doesn't leave the mind quickly and for the moment, has become a reference point for the efficient beauty that lies latent in the women's team.

Editor's Picks How Harendra Singh led the women's hockey team to Asia Cup glory In his first tournament as coach, Harendra Singh transformed the fortunes of the Indian women's team by encouraging them to take more risks while playing aggressive hockey.

Gone in 7.3 seconds: How the India-Pakistan umpires went by the letter of the law The big talking point of the 2-2 hockey draw between India and Pakistan was what appeared to be a couple of contentious video umpiring calls that went against India, leading to criticism which seems to be based on a flawed understanding of the rules. 1 Related

In the 48th minute, shaking off what has gone before, the Indian forward line moves onto another plane. Of skill, pace and control. Navneeet Kaur tears down the left and feeds Vandana Katariya, who had started the move before slipping into the centre within sight of Navneet's pass. Sylph-like, quicksilver, Vandana is a stiletto through the mid field, stretching herself and falling away as she seeks the best line ahead towards captain Rani Rampal, who has materialized in front of goal..

Rani has the goalkeeper and a defender crowding around her ankles, as she receives Vandana's pass. With her back to them, she turns, she spins. It would have taken the blink of an eye between Rani taking the smallest step to her left and the ball ending up in goal. That twitch is to free up space and clear Rani's path and she slots it between the wrong-footed defender and the flustered goalkeeper. Watch it over and over. Rani will never be rushing, her internal clock has slowed down to match the deliberate precision of the movements she will make. It is what the great ones always do. The goal was finished by Rani with a whisper of magic, but it came from in the collective will of the forward line, the mind of Vandana and the vision of Navneet.

Matt Roberts/Getty Images

The Indians looked home and dry, but with just under seven minutes to go, forward Lalremsiami received her second yellow card of the match and was sent to the sin bin for five minutes. The South Africans, who needed a win to enter the semi-final, pressed forward against the Indian team down to ten players and crowded over their defence. When a penalty was awarded to the South Africans with just over two minutes to go, the Indians challenged the decision. Goalkeeper Savita Punia had been obdurate until then, but who knew what could happen through South African adrenalin and Indian desperation for defence? It took the video umpire a good long while but when the decision was overturned, the Indians only had to run down the clock.

The wait had been too long for Lalremsiami, whose second yellow card and sending off had amped up the pressure on her team. At 17, the youngest of the Indian women, their rare Mizo hockey player, room-mate of captain Rani, couldn't bear it any more. She burst into copious tears and had to be comforted by her amused coach, Harendra Singh. It would be a night to remember in many ways - with a gorgeous goal and India's entry into the Gold Coast semi-final.All-star of the match

Before Saturday, Ravindra Jadeja had scored only 59 runs in nine matches in IPL 2018. He had three wickets at an economy rate of 8.55, and had bowled an average of two overs a game. With nine catches - the highest in this season among non-wicketkeepers - Jadeja only had some excellent fielding going for him. But when he dropped Kolkata Knight Riders' Sunil Narine off successive balls on Thursday, it raised questions about his role in the team. Jadeja became a target for trolls, again, as social media was flooded with jokes and GIFs.

In his next match, against Royal Challengers Bangalore, Jadeja needed just one ball to respond. Brought in right after the Powerplay, he pegged back Virat Kohli's off stump with an arm ball. It was the moment that set up RCB for a collapse.

Harbhajan Singh then had AB de Villiers stumped next over, and Jadeja followed it up with a four-run over, as CSK strangled RCB further.

Jadeja would go on to bowl all his overs in a single spell. With flat trajectories, sharp and skiddy pace, and tight lines, Jadeja had RCB's batsmen playing for non-existent turn. Mandeep Singh misread his length, trying to sweep a delivery that wasn't full enough, and picked out deep backward square leg. In his last over, Jadeja tossed one up to Parthiv Patel, who had scored a fifty, and drew a leading edge that came straight back at him.

The wow moment

Jadeja's wicket of Kohli demonstrated just how accurate and ready he was. Bowling from around the stumps, Jadeja arrowed in an arm ball at the RCB captain's off stump. Kohli backed away and tried to force a cut, but was done in by pace and lack of turn. Sliding in with the angle, the ball snuck past Kohli's flashing bat and toppled his off stump.

Dismissing Kohli, you'd imagine, is an act that would enliven most bowlers. Jadeja, though, barely threw his hands up, and looked almost apologetically at his India captain.

The numbers

Jadeja's 3 for 18 was his first three-wicket haul in T20 cricket, in three years. The last came in 2015, when he claimed 4 for 11 against Rajasthan Royals.

What they said

"The wicket was a bit dry and I was just enjoying my bowling. It was my first ball, and I wasn't ready to celebrate. Virat is always a huge wicket. Having got a good wicket, I just wanted to keep the momentum on for my team."

Ravindra JadejaJonathan Legard explains why Ferrari still appear to have the best car, despite a poor weekend in Azerbaijan. (1:50)

Why Ferrari are still the team to beat (1:50)

Azerbaijan produced another classic Formula One race and the usual radio broadcasts from the sport's drivers also did not disappoint. We round up the most frantic, most upset and most bewildered here.

Editor's Picks Alonso: My rivals would have parked the car in Baku Fernando Alonso believes his Azerbaijan Grand Prix was the best race of his long Formula One career -- an "unrepeatable" performance none of his rivals would have been able been able to match.

"What the f---! I cannot believe it. I'm coming at 320 [km/h] and he's f---ing stopped!"

Pierre Gasly was lucky to avoid two high-speed accidents during the weekend. The first had him furiously ranting about Toro Rosso teammate Brendon Hartley, who had slowed on the racing line with a puncture. Gasly just barely avoided the New Zealander and what would have been one of the biggest accidents in recent memory.

"I got in the way of Gasly. I tried to get out of the way -- I'm so sorry."

A baffled Hartley apologises for not moving out of the way quickly.

Fernando Alonso sits sixth in the drivers' championship after scoring in each of the opening four races. Dan Istitene/Getty Images

"What a stupid guy! Unbelievable. You take care in corner one, two, and they crash into you. F---, they're stupid!"

Fernando Alonso is a remarkable man: Not only did he manage to channel his anger at Sergey Sirotkin into this message, he also did so while two-wheeling it back to the McLaren garage after sustaining two separate punctures. He would later call it the best race of his career, one none of his F1 rivals could have possibly finished in the same scenario.

"Suggest SOC 10, Nico, and overtake [button]"

"Leave me alone!"

Nico Hulkenberg asks for radio silence after being given an instruction about engine settings from the Renault pit wall.

"You're going to have to do him again. Let's get him!"

A message which doesn't look too clever in hindsight. Having fallen behind Red Bull teammate Max Verstappen at the pit stop, Daniel Ricciardo gets encouragement to catch the Dutchman. Given the collision which followed, Red Bull probably should have urged a bit more caution.

"How can he be ahead of us?"

"He was in front. Twelve seconds and he had the gap to pit."

A message no F1 driver wants to hear. A surprised Sebastian Vettel gets the bad news that the timing of the Safety Car has handed the initiative to Mercedes' Valtteri Bottas.

"F---! NO! NO! What happened?"

"I think Ericsson hit us."

Romain Grosjean cannot believe his misfortune after spinning out under the Safety Car while warming his tyres. His race engineer -- to the amusement of many observers -- suggests it could have been Marcus Ericsson, although TV angles later show the Frenchman's moment was all of his own making.

"Oh my God, it just blew up on its own! F---!"

A disbelieving Bottas curses his bad luck as his right-rear tyre rips to shreds, costing him the race victory and the chance to lead the championship for the first time in his career.

"Get in there Lewis. Well done mate, I think lady luck was on our side today..."

Peter Bonnington congratulates Lewis Hamilton on a rather fortunate victory. Hamilton would seek out teammate Valtteri Bottas to commiserate with the Finn before heading to the podium ceremony.This week's rankings featured some major moves within the top 10. Welcome the Cubs and the Phillies back to MLB's top tier, as the Cubs made an expected return thanks to some strong starting pitching, while the hard-charging, young Phils pushed their way into the conversation while putting in an early claim for a place in the suddenly very interesting NL East race. Editor's Picks MLBRank 50-1: Trout is clear No. 1, but who comes next? The top spot is an easy call, but then the fun begins. Did Kershaw hold off Scherzer as MLB's best ace? And which MVP passed Harper on our list?

Which players' slow starts should scare you, and why With Giancarlo Stanton, Avisail Garcia and other struggling stars, you can say "it's early" for only so long.

Cubs look to end April in familiar position: first place When Chicago finishes the first month on top of the standings, good things follow -- and a promising start means the trend could continue. 2 Related

The Phillies' four-spot jump up in the standings was the second largest of the week, behind only the Yankees' six-spot ascent all the way to the No. 4 spot. That's a big deal because the other thing worth noting is that while the top three clubs remained in place, this was the first week that the Red Sox, Astros and Diamondbacks all received a first-place vote, hinting that there's no longer a strong consensus on which one of them might ultimately be baseball's best ballclub. If there's already no agreement on who's No. 1, it might take only another strong week from the Bombers to earn them No. 1 consideration over the defending champs or their AL East rivals.

Not every club can go up, of course, and we saw some equally big declines. The Blue Jays took the biggest fall, dropping eight spots and departing the top 10. They were joined in that unhappy distinction by the Nationals, who fell five spots as they struggle to start firing on all cylinders instead of taking control of their division as expected. The other major drop of the week was suffered by the Twins, who dropped into the league's bottom third with a six-slot decline. Will they recover to put some heat on the Indians in the AL Central, and move back up in the rankings? We'll have to see.

This week, our panel of voters comprises David Schoenfield, Eric Karabell, Tim Kurkjian, Bradford Doolittle and Sarah Langs.

Week 3 rankings | Week 2 | Week 1 | Preseason

Record: 20-7

Week 3 ranking: 1

After an eight-game winning streak pushed their record to 17-2, the Red Sox have fallen back to earth, losing five of their past eight games. The offense has slowed down after initially plating runs at a blistering 6.5 runs per game through their first 19 games. One key to getting the lineup hammering away again? J.D. Martinez went 5-for-25 before busting out with a four-hit game Sunday. The offense will need him on track for Boston to hold off the rising Yankees in the AL East. -- Dan McCarthy, ESPN Stats & Information

Record: 19-10

Week 3 ranking: 2

After another stellar start this week against the Angels, Justin Verlander now owns a 1.22 regular-season ERA as a member of the Astros, and has not lost a regular-season game for them (9-0 in 11 starts dating back to last season). He has allowed three or fewer earned runs in all of his starts for the Astros, part of a 14-game streak dating back to his time with the Tigers, the second-longest such streak of his career. -- Jacob Nitzberg, ESPN Stats & Information

Record: 19-8

Week 3 ranking: 3

Arizona made history by becoming the first National League team to win its first nine series in a season since the 1907 Cubs. Patrick Corbin might be getting the most attention, but Snakes pitching is dominating the strike zone, generating swinging strikes at the fourth-best clip in MLB, in part by throwing off-speed stuff more frequently than any other NL staff. Leadoff man David Peralta is also setting up the offense well with a .915 OPS, best among NL regulars in the No. 1 slot in the lineup. -- Christina Kahrl, ESPN.com

Record: 18-9

Week 3 ranking: 10

The Yankees have surged in the standings with a nine-game win streak, powered by five homers and 13 RBIs from Didi Gregorius over that span. Masahiro Tanaka has settled in as well; after posting a 6.04 ERA over his first four starts, Tanaka has allowed just two earned runs in his past two turns. His fastball has been working: After creating a miss on just 5.3 percent of fastballs in his first four starts, he upped that rate to 26.3 percent in his past two. -- McCarthy

Record: 16-12

Week 3 ranking: 4

Shohei Ohtani hit another home run Friday night, his fourth of the season, but he also left that game with an ankle injury. Therein lies one of the major obstacles to navigating an entire MLB season as both a hitter and pitcher. He has now exited a game early as both a pitcher (blister) and hitter (ankle). Not to be overshadowed, Mike Trout continues to do Mike Trout things -- and could be on his way to a third AL MVP award. -- Paul Casella, ESPN Stats & Information

Record: 14-12

Week 3 ranking: 7

While the pitching staff is responsible for much of the Indians' early success as the lone AL Central team above .500, there have been signs of hope that their position players are finally thawing out. A four-homer week from Yonder Alonso was a good sign that their investment in the free agent was worth it, while a defense anchored by shortstop Francisco Lindor and third baseman Jose Ramirez leads the AL in defensive runs saved. -- Kahrl

Record: 15-12

Week 3 ranking: 8

The Cardinals have a plus-25 run differential, eighth best in the majors. They haven't really hit for average or slugged well, but the starting pitchers have kept their runs allowed down, posting a 3.31 ERA, which ranks fourth in the majors and first in the NL. -- Langs

Record: 15-10

Week 3 ranking: 11

This past week, Cubs starting pitchers threw at least six innings in every start and allowed just four earned runs in 40 innings (0.90 ERA). If Chicago's rotation starts to get on a roll, the Cubs will start to show why they were the favorites in the division entering the season. Oh, and remember new-look Kyle Schwarber? He has a .981 OPS and is walking in more than 15 percent of his plate appearances through the first month. -- Kenneth Woolums, ESPN Stats & Information

Record: 16-11

Week 2 ranking: 13

The Phillies continue to be one of the hottest teams in the majors. Since April 5, they're 15-7, the second-best record in baseball. On the pitching side, the bullpen has been a huge strength. They have a 1.80 bullpen ERA in that span, second best in the majors behind the Diamondbacks at 1.40. They have a plus-36 run differential in that span, third to only the Red Sox and Astros. Odubel Herrera has been key -- he has a .366 batting average since April 5, best in the NL. -- Langs

Record: 17-9

Week 3 ranking: 6

On Tuesday, Yoenis Cespedes hit a home run 463 feet with a 115.1 mph exit velocity according to Statcast. The home run was the longest by a Mets player since a David Wright homer in 2013 that went 464 feet. And the exit velocity made it the hardest-hit home run by a Mets player since Statcast began tracking in 2015. But Cespedes already has 43 strikeouts in just 26 games. He struck out 61 times in 81 games all of last season. -- Langs

Record: 16-13

Week 3 ranking: 14

The Brewers had their eight-game win streak snapped Thursday, which was tied for their longest win streak since 2015. Their pitching staff has been good, and their bullpen has been their strength of late despite losing Corey Knebel. Brewers relievers have a 2.45 ERA this season (third best in the majors). They have struck out 29.4 percent of opposing batters this season, second only to the Yankees' relievers. -- Nitzberg

Record: 12-15

Week 3 ranking: 12

Outside of Kenley Jansen's early problems, the pitching has been fine. The missing ingredient for the Dodgers so far has been home runs, as they're hitting bombs just 2.2 percent of the time, 27th in the majors. Despite that power outage they're the 11th-best team in scoring, so once Cody Bellinger & Co. start delivering big blows, expect the Dodgers to make a big move back up in the rankings. -- Kahrl

Record: 15-12

Week 3 ranking: 5

Curtis Granderson looks to enjoy playing for the Blue Jays, particularly at Rogers Centre, where he owns a team-high 1.133 OPS. Additionally, he's posting his best walk rate in the past 10 years. On Tuesday, Granderson hit his fourth career walk-off home run. Unfortunately, the Blue Jays dropped their next four games. -- McCarthy

Record: 12-16

Week 3 ranking: 9

The Nationals still aren't where many expected them to be entering the season. They're hitting .239 as a team, which is 16th in baseball. And the slugging really hasn't been there, as they have just a .390 slugging percentage, 18th in the majors. They're scoring 4.4 runs per game, which also ranks 18th. The starters have carried their weight with a 3.49 ERA, which is seventh in MLB, but the bullpen continues to struggle, ranking 25th with a 4.91 ERA. -- Langs

Record: 16-11

Week 3 ranking: 18

James Paxton notched his second double-digit strikeout game of the season Friday. Unfortunately, his strikeout rate isn't the only thing that has increased this season -- he's also walking batters almost twice as often, allowing more hits and home runs and, most importantly, his ERA has jumped from 2.98 to 5.12. Fellow starter Felix Hernandez has a 4.96 ERA and, as a team, the Mariners' rotation ranks among the worst in MLB. -- Casella

Record: 16-11

Week 3 ranking: 17

The Braves have the best run differential in the NL East (plus-38); the only National League team better so far is the Diamondbacks. If it is true that young teams are a threat because they have nothing to lose, the Braves might just be a playoff contender, especially after promoting No. 1 prospect Ronald Acuna Jr., who homered in his second game. -- Woolums

Record: 17-11

Week 3 ranking: 16

In the previous week, the Pirates could not score, but this past week they averaged more than six runs per game, with veteran catcher Francisco Cervelli helping lead the way. The surging offense helped make a winner of Nick Kingham in his debut, plating five runs as the rookie fired a perfect game at the Cardinals through his first 20 batters before allowing a two-out single in the seventh. -- Woolums

Record: 15-14

Week 3 ranking: 19

Jon Gray finally looked like the ace-caliber pitcher many expected him to be his last time out. He racked up 11 strikeouts and allowed just three hits over six scoreless innings against the Padres. That came after allowing 19 runs (18 earned) over 15⅔ innings in his previous three starts. With Chad Bettis pitching well, and Charlie Blackmon and Nolan Arenado both cruising offensively, Gray's performance could dictate how far the Rockies can go this season. -- Casella

Record: 14-14

Week 3 ranking: 20

Despite a patchwork pitching staff handicapped by two starters on the 60-day DL and two more pitching their way out of the rotation, the A's are delivering on last year's second-half surge by hanging around .500. One pleasant surprise has been Jed Lowrie's hot hitting, as the 34-year-old veteran has flirted with a 1.000 OPS in the first month to build off last year's full-season career best of .808. -- Kahrl

Record: 12-14

Week 3 ranking: 21

You may not have noticed, but before their loss Sunday the Rays had rattled off eight straight wins while scoring over eight runs per game. During that span, Wilson Ramos showed that he is back to full health, tallying seven extra-base hits and a league-leading 1.045 slugging percentage. Unfortunately, the pitching has still struggled, posting a 4.50 ERA over the winning streak. -- McCarthy

Record: 9-14

Week 3 ranking: 15

As has been the case for years, the Twins went into Yankee Stadium and were no match for the Bronx Bombers. Minnesota was outscored 33-11 in the series, which ended in a four-game sweep capped off by a walk-off win in the last game. Going back the last 20 years, the Twins are 46-108 (.299 win percentage) against the Yankees, including the playoffs (where they are 2-13). -- Woolums

Record: 14-14

Week 3 ranking: 22

The Giants allowed 15 runs twice in a three-game span this week. Before that, they hadn't allowed 15 or more runs in a game since May 5, 2016. The last time they allowed 15 or more in multiple games in a season was 2005 -- but those games were almost a month apart. On the bright side, Pablo Sandoval's first major league appearance as a pitcher went well: He threw three pitches clocked at 88 mph and pitched a 1-2-3 inning. -- Langs

Record: 11-15

Week 3 ranking: 23

The Tigers have had their ups and downs. One bright spot has been Jeimer Candelario, who leads the team in extra-base hits (14) while slugging .524, and on Wednesday became the first Tiger in nearly a decade to score five runs in a nine-inning game. A trouble spot has been reliever Alex Wilson, who already has given up four home runs in just 16⅓ innings, including a walk-off to Corey Dickerson on Thursday. -- Nitzberg

Record: 11-18

Week 3 ranking: 24

Adrian Beltre joined fellow infielders Elvis Andrus and Rougned Odor on the disabled list last week. That leaves Joey Gallo as the only healthy player from Texas' Opening Day starting infield. That's just the latest thing to go wrong for a team that's currently on pace to have its worst season in more than three decades. -- Casella

Record: 10-19

Week 3 ranking: 25

Though Manuel Margot returned from the disabled list, the Padres have continued to find way to keep Franchy Cordero's bat in their lineup. Why? Because he's hitting the ball as hard as anyone in baseball. Cordero not only has the longest home run of the season (489 feet on April 20) but has six batted balls of 115 mph or harder, tied with Giancarlo Stanton for most in the majors. -- Nitzberg

Record: 8-18

Week 3 ranking: 27

Matt Davidson has provided a bright spot in an otherwise dismal start for the White Sox. The 27-year-old hit three home runs on Opening Day and more recently had back-to-back multihomer games on Thursday and Friday. All three of those games came against the Royals. The bad news is the White Sox can't play Kansas City every game, but the good news is they do still have 12 meetings remaining. -- Casella

Record: 8-20

Week 3 ranking: 26

The Orioles have lost six of their past eight games, falling to the bottom of the AL East standings. Baltimore is near the bottom of the rankings in both runs scored per game and ERA. Chris Davis has more than twice as many strikeouts (33) as hits (15). On a positive note: Manny Machado continued to prove he is the best player on the team. If he keeps playing this well, could the trade market heat up early? -- McCarthy

Record: 7-20

Week 3 ranking: 28

The Royals are right in the middle of the pack in terms of batting average this season, as their .243 average ranks 15th in the majors. Kansas City leads the league with a .266 average with the bases empty, but is next-to-last with a .215 average with men on base, including an MLB-worst .181 with runners in scoring position. -- Nitzberg

Record: 9-18

Week 3 ranking: 29

With the returns of Martin Prado, J.T. Realmuto and Wei-Yin Chen from their injuries, the Marlins are slowly morphing into something resembling their best possible roster. That has led them to give rookie third baseman Brian Anderson some starts in right field. There may not be a big trade market for veterans like Prado or Starlin Castro, but the Fish have to play their best bargaining chips to showcase their remaining wares for trades. -- Kahrl

Record: 7-21

Week 3 ranking: 30

The Reds won more games this week (four) than they had in their first 21 games of the season. Some of that might be simple regression, but Cincinnati had a legitimately good week, putting up a plus-eight run differential. The offense began showing signs of life, mainly because of Joey Votto, whose 1.423 OPS and four homers this week are a significant improvement over the .594 OPS and zero homers he had entering it. -- WoolumsABOUT COOKIES

We use cookies to help make this website better, to improve our services and for advertising purposes. You can learn more about our use of cookies and change your browser settings in order to avoid cookies by clicking here. Otherwise, we'll assume you are OK to continue.

ContinueABOUT COOKIES

We use cookies to help make this website better, to improve our services and for advertising purposes. You can learn more about our use of cookies and change your browser settings in order to avoid cookies by clicking here. Otherwise, we'll assume you are OK to continue.

ContinueQualifier 2: Bengal Warriors vs. Patna Pirates

October 26, 8 pm

Pardeep Narwal (in yellow) Pro Kabaddi League

The big picture

The Pro Kabaddi League is into its fifth season and one team that has made the playoffs every season is Patna Pirates. The two-time champions will be eyeing their third consecutive final but they will have to get past Zone B toppers Bengal Warriors first.

Pirates qualified for the match after defeating Haryana Steelers and Puneri Paltan in their two previous matches in the playoffs. On the other hand, Warriors lost to Gujarat Fortunegiants in the first qualifier and will now have to face the music against the defending champions.

This is only the second time that the Warriors have reached the playoffs, they had finished fourth in the third season. The two teams met thrice in the group stage, with Warriors winning once and the other two matches being tied.

Form guide (most recent first)

Bengal Warriors: LTWWW

Patna Pirates: WWTLL

In the spotlight

Pro Kabaddi League

Pardeep Narwal has been demolishing records left, right and centre this season: be it scoring 300 raid points in a single season, scoring the most points ever in a single match (34) or the most points in a single raid (8). The scary part is that he is not yet done. Pardeep has played every single match in a three-month long season, scoring 17 Super 10s in 24 matches for his team. He was in red-hot form against the Steelers and Paltan and will be the linchpin against the Warriors too.

The Warriors' raiding line-up boasts of the powerful Maninder Singh and the agile Jang Kung Lee but it is the quietly efficient Deepak Narwal who will pose the biggest threat to the Pirates defence. Deepak scored 21 points in the two matches he played against the Pirates in the group stage and has been particularly impressive in do-or-die raids. His astuteness sets him apart from most other raiders in what is a predominantly physical sport.

Probable team line-ups

Pirates might stick to the starting seven from their last match, with Pardeep and Monu Goyat being the main raiders and Vijay being the support raider. Jawahar Dagar and Vishal Mane might play as right corner and right cover while Jaideep and Sachin Shingade will most likely start as left corner and left cover respectively.

Warriors might look to make one change to their starting seven from the previous match with Bhupender Singh playing as leftt cover ahead of Young Chang Ko. Maninder, Deepak and Jang will be three main raiders while captain Surjeet Singh (right cover), Ran Singh (left corner) and Shrikant Tewthia (right corner) will man the defence.

Battles to watch out for

Pro Kabaddi League

Pardeep Narwal vs. Surjeet Singh

Pardeep is the most successful raider this season while Surjeet is second on the list of players with most tackle points. While Surjeet managed to limit Pardeep to seven points the first times these two teams met this year, Pardeep had the upper hand the last two times this two teams met this season. Warriors best chance of victory might lie in keeping Pardeep on the bench for as long as possible and Surjeet will have to play a pivotal role to achieve that target.

Monu Goyat vs. Ran Singh

While Pardeep has been key to Pirates success this year, Goyat's vast reserves of stamina have served the team well. Unlike most other teams that have relied on three raiders or more to get through their matches, Pirates have only used a third raider when both Pardeep and Goyat have been off the court. He generally prefers to target the left corner and Ran's ankle holds will have to be in fine working order if the Services player has to be stopped in this knockout match.

Final word

Both the teams have been the most prolific raiding teams this season -- Pirates are top of the list of teams with most raid points, while Warriors are third. However, the defence has been a cause of concern for both the teams. Pirates have conceded the most points this season while Warriors are tenth on the list of teams with most tackles points. The team that has the higher success rate in defence in this match might well be the one that progresses to the final.Tony Bellew and David Haye had to be pulled apart by security at the final press conference for their rematch which takes place on Saturday night.

The two fighters posed for photos after the conference before going head-to-head for the final time, and it took just a matter of seconds before security stepped in.

Editor's Picks Ferdinand refused boxing licence by BBBoC Rio Ferdinand has announced he has not been granted a professional boxing licence despite his intentions to enter a ring and make his debut as a fighter.

Bellew (29-2-1, 19 KOs), who emerged victorious in their previous fight back in March 2017, appeared to push Haye before the Londoner shoved him back. Neither one appeared to suffer injury and both were escorted away from one another by security.

Before the coming together, Bellew said: "He looks good, his team are confident, like last time, but we will see.

"I just want to punch him. He would love nothing more than to knock every tooth out of my mouth, don't be fooled, the mask comes off on Saturday.

"We are going to go and Haye will have to do things he doesn't want to do. I will do anything to win and you will see.

"There's going to be no rematch this time, your career is over. What matters is that you end on Saturday night."

Haye (28-3, 26 KOs) disagreed and insisted it's going to be a different outcome to the first fight.

"I've kept my gameplan under wraps but it's to do as manage damage in the first six rounds as possible and keep pushing it," said Haye. "Then I'll step it up from round seven to 12.

"If he's as tough and durable and has the heart that he and his team think they have, then we've got ourselves for a cracking fight."With Neymar in Brazil playing poker during PSG's title celebrations, the ESPN FC guys question his priorities and commitment to his club. (3:08)

Paris Saint-Germain striker Edinson Cavani has admitted there was a problem with superstar teammate Neymar at the start of the season when the pair quarrelled mid-match over a penalty.

The Brazil international asked the Uruguayan to take a second-half spot-kick against Lyon in a 2-0 win at Parc des Princes back in September, which spawned a controversy known as "Penalty-gate."

And speaking with RMC Sport, Cavani recognised the incident was a wedge between the pair.

"It is true that there was a problem at that time with Neymar," Cavani said. "We spoke about it together -- I told him that I was the first to want him to win things individually. However, I told him there was a condition and that was that he must put the squad's collective objectives first.

"I am a footballing worker -- I am not a star. If I have teammates who can win individual accolades, then I will do everything to help them. They must put the team's goals first, though. Gradually, we have come to an understanding. The team's superiors have taken a decision and I have respected it.

"The supporters whistling, this was not good for him. If I was in his position there, it sincerely would not have pleased me."

Neymar and Edinson Cavani seemed to have resolved their penalty feud...for now. Christophe Ena/Associated Press

Cavani has been linked with a move to Serie A side Juventus. However, he was adamant his future lies at Parc des Princes if PSG choose to prolong his "love story" with the club.

"I have a contract until 2020," the 31-year-old said. "My love story with this club has been growing for a while -- I am very happy with PSG. I absolutely want to achieve the objectives set by the club. I dream of winning the Champions League here.

"Honestly, I am under contract until 2020 and I am 31. I think that I can play for two or three more seasons at the top level and I want to be concentrated during that time.

"Why think about a contract extension? I do not know what shape I will be in come 2020. I am happy to be here, with PSG."

In order to go further in the Champions League and get closer to the Qatari-owned club's ambitious goals, Cavani believes he and his teammates have to grow even closer than they already are.

"To me, football is like life," said Cavani. "It is absolutely vital to give everything and stick together -- we must be more united, more together.

"We have to express ourselves greater as a unit and not just a team. We must be brothers -- family."

With PSG coach Unai Emery departing at the end of the season, Cavani paid tribute to the Spaniard and stated his belief that he has given his all since joining from Sevilla.

"I congratulate the coach for everything that he has given PSG," Cavani said. "I am sure that each day, he gave his absolute maximum for the club -- I am certain of it. I have seen in him the desire to win.

"Sometimes, things work out, sometimes they do not -- you cannot win everything that you want to. Football is like that. However, I know that he did everything, he gave his maximum.

"I congratulate the coach because he won a lot here with PSG."

Kylian Mbappe has impressed Cavani as a teammate this season but the former Napoli and Palermo man believes that the France international still has a way to go before he is the finished article.

"A player cannot win alone," said the Uruguayan. "A great player works as part of a team to win bigger things.

"Kylian can offer France many things but he should not be put under too much pressure -- he will develop and become more responsible with time.

"If he stays humble and calm, he will improve -- he possesses so many qualities. He still has a lot to learn but if he keeps going on this trajectory, he will go very far."

Cavani and Mbappe can team up to help PSG to Coupe de France success next Tuesday when they face semi-professional outfit Les Herbiers in an improbable Coupe de France final matchup.Former UFC strawweight champion Joanna Jedrzejczyk will meet Tecia Torres on July 28 in Calgary, according to UFC president Dana White.

White confirmed the 115-pound bout to ESPN on Monday. The UFC Fight Night event will take place at Scotiabank Saddledome.

It's another highly ranked bout for the Canadian event, which already features a featherweight fight between Jose Aldo and Jeremy Stephens. The UFC has not yet announced a main event, however sources have informed ESPN a lightweight fight between Eddie Alvarez and Dustin Poirier is one potential option.

White has been promising the city of Calgary an event for years. The UFC has made one previous trip there in 2012, but fighter injuries greatly impacted that event.

Jedrzejczyk (14-2) is coming off back-to-back losses to current champion Rose Namajunas. The Polish strawweight is still considered one of the best fighters in the world, and she felt she did enough to win their five-round rematch at UFC 223 in April.

Prior to the pair of losses to Namajunas, Jedrzejczyk was 8-0 in the UFC and one win away from tying Ronda Rousey's all-time female record of six consecutive title defenses.

Torres (10-2) is coming off a decision loss to Jessica Andrade in February. Fighting out of Colorado, Torres had won three in a row prior to that defeat.He might not have got a medal at the Doha Diamond League on Friday evening, but javelin thrower Neeraj Chopra won something that meant nearly as much - the respect of his competitors. It had taken an unprecedented effort of three athletes - Thomas Rohler, Johannes Vetter and Andreas Hoffman --crossing the 90m mark to keep the 20-year-old Neeraj from finishing on the podium with a personal best and new national record of 87.43m.

Olympic champion Rohler at least thought as much. "He came up to me after the competition and congratulated me. He told me that there must have been so much pressure on me being an athlete from India but that I had made my country proud," Neeraj says.

Neeraj has been praised effusively by his peers. World champion Vetter has predicted the Indian will break 90m this year, while Olympic silver medalist Julius Yego foresees "a great, bright future" for him. That kind of acclaim still takes getting used to for Neeraj.

Editor's Picks ESPN's 8 for 80: Neeraj Chopra Neeraj Chopra may have failed to make the javelin final at the recent World Athletics Championships, but his graph is only set to rise.

Fast-rising Neeraj Chopra India's best bet for Tokyo If all goes to plan, at the Tokyo Olympics in 2020, Neeraj Chopra could make up for the biggest miss of his career at the biggest stage of them all.

Neeraj Chopra flies into history books with javelin gold Neeraj Chopra won gold in the Javelin throw event at the Commonwealth Games on Saturday after a best throw of 86.47m. 2 Related

"These guys were my heroes. I used to watch their videos and learn from them. And now I am competing with them and they are praising me. Now I'm just walking among them like one of them," he says.

The pressure spoken of by Rohler is now a constant companion for Neeraj. "It's always on my mind that people expect me to do well. It is a little easier at the Diamond League because people in India aren't so aware of it. It wasn't like the Commonwealth Games where my phone was getting hundreds of messages. That pressure is something else. You are thinking to yourself there are so many people who are expecting so much from you so you can't let them down."

Neeraj Chopra Adam Nurkiewicz/Getty Images

But while expectations others place on him depend on the nature of the competition, Neeraj felt another pressure - that of maintaining his own lofty standards. Ever since he returned from the Commonwealth Games, where he had won gold, Neeraj had struggled to string together any consistent practice sessions. "There was one function and then the other. Again last week I was called to meet the Prime Minister and Sports Minister. You can't say no to them can you?"

At one point of time, Neeraj was uncertain whether he would even take part in the Diamond League. "I didn't think I had enough practice. But then I took part in one training session with my coach (former world record holder Uwe Hohn) and I felt my body was reacting well and I felt I would at least throw around my personal best."

His performance in Doha surprised even him. After recording 87.43m in his second of six attempts, he found himself in third place. At 20, he says he only takes part in the Diamond League to get experience competing at the biggest stage and now, he found himself within sight of a remarkable podium finish.

"I was hoping to do a personal best and so when I got it in just my second throw, a little part of me felt satisfied. That should not have happened," he says.

However, with his focus suddenly shot, Neeraj fouled his next three attempts. "I was trying too hard. I was running in too hard and when that happened I lost my technique. I tried to control myself for my last attempt but when you start thinking about your throw it never comes the way you want."

It was just another learning experience and Neeraj says there will be many more to come. "After the competition, I spoke to my coach. He was happy for me but he wanted to know how my body was feeling. We have many more competitions in the future so it's important to get ready for those," he says.

And while he might have finished fourth on Friday, Neeraj thinks that won't always be the case. While for the moment he might revel in the praise of a legendary competitor, Neeraj jokes that he might be making them a bit nervous too.

"Honestly, 87m is a really good throw but I still finished behind three others. But I think even they know that I am catching up to them. I'm sure they will be thinking about it now."Hockey India High Performance director David John has been swamped with calls since Tuesday afternoon. That's when men's coach Sjoerd Marijne, who was working with the women until last year, was asked to take up his former job while Harendra Singh, who was serving as women's coach, was handed the men's team job. It's the latest move in the bizarre game of musical chairs that has left the women's team feeling slighted.

Speaking to ESPN, John attempts to make the swapping sound necessary, even rational. He doesn't admit, though, that the latest coach-swapping episode between men's and women's teams could have been avoided with informed decisions in September last year when the same two names were up for the job. Or explain why coach change continues to be Indian hockey's easy, staid and predictable answer to all dismal performances by players at major tournaments.

Editor's Picks CWG debacle, attacking approach pave way for Harendra's appointment After Indian hockey's disappointing show at Gold Coast, Harendra Singh's communication skills and attacking approach are the likely reasons for his appointment as men's team coach.

But, in revealing a "solution" to Marijne's communication problems with players, John leaves the national federation open to further ridicule.

"If it wasn't such an important phase, particularly before the Asian Games and World Cup, then there would have been some consideration in giving Marijne more time [with the men's team]," David said.

"But communication was a major issue at the Commonwealth Games. A lot of players were confused or didn't understand instructions given by him and that was evident in some of the matches. We couldn't have let that happen in the next two tournaments. Also, Marijne relied on particular players to communicate with the others so some found that a problem because there was a feeling of favouritism. We have tried to address that in his new role now by getting in (former men's and women's team assistant coach) CR Kumar, who will serve as his assistant and a link between him and the women's team."

Sjoerd Marijne with the Indian women's team during the Hockey World League Semi Finals. Jan Kruger/Getty Images for FIH

This gives rise to an obvious question: If communication was an issue and an Indian assistant coach was all that's needed to fix it, why wasn't that done while Marijne was with the men's team?

And the supplementary question: If Marijne's performance with the men's team was not up to scratch, why has he been moved to the women's team?

Actually, it's not clear exactly why Marijne lost his job with the men's team, becoming the fifth coach in as many years to be sacked. John puts the players in the dock for the dismal show in Gold Coast that prompted this decision.

"I think at this stage players still need to take responsibility for actions on the field. The fact that our strikers didn't score enough goals has resulted in another coach losing his job. Our statistics show that of the shots on goal, India only scored 10 percent and every other country got 26 percent so had we scored the goals we should have, we wouldn't be having this conversation now. We didn't think the performance was good enough and we've made the change now. If we waited till Champions Trophy (in June) and the results were poor again there wouldn't have been enough time to put a new coach in. It wouldn't have been fair to Harendra to have only two or three weeks before the Asian Games."

Marijne's first tournament with the women's team in his fresh stint will be the Asian Champions Trophy that begins on May 13 while Harendra's will be the Champions Trophy, starting on June 23.

Harendra Singh. Hockey India

Calling the latest coach swapping an 'awkward' decision, one that lays bare Hockey India's skewed sense of priorities, former women's coach MK Kaushik says, "I think the women's team deserves a better platform. It's odd that a coach has been sent back to the women's team for not performing well in his role with the men. Both teams deserve equal priority, irrespective of medals and results."

Former India captain V Baskaran concurs. He throws in a volley of questions to amplify his stand. "What is the kind of system that is being put into place with a decision like this? If someone is not considered fit for the men's team how come he's promptly put in charge of the women? We earlier had a very good coach in Terry Walsh, he had lovely drills and ethics and taught players how to play the backhand, the sweep shot but eventually he had to go. My question is who is taking these calls of who is good enough, who is not? Are we giving one man too much power? If our ambition is to be the world's best side, let's start thinking like one first."

David, though, says, he wouldn't have gone back in time and changed the decisions taken last September. The logic offered is wafer thin. "Then Sjoerd seemed right for the men's job, today he looks better suited to lead the women. If we're talking about the constant change in coaches, I think Indian players are used to it now."A group of 14 -- 10 decorated sportspersons and four journalists -- helped select the contenders, nominees and the final winners of the first ESPN India Awards. Meet the jury.

Vipin Kumar/Hindustan Times via Getty Images

Abhinav Bindra (shooting) - India's first individual Olympic gold medallist and its most successful shooter, with a competitive career spanning over 15 years. Since retiring in 2016, he has worked with government and non-government bodies in review and policy programmes and set up cutting-edge sports science centres in two cities.

Bhaichung Bhutia (football) - The face of Indian football throughout his 15-year professional career, Bhutia was striker extraordinaire. Captain of India and record goalscorer when he retired, Bhutia has 107 caps and 42 goals for the country. He is currently a commentator, columnist and football expert.

Anju Bobby George (athletics) - India's most successful athlete of the 21st century so far, long jumper Anju Bobby George was the first Indian to win a medal at a World Athletics Championships in Paris 2003. Two years later, she won gold at the World Athletics Final in Monte Carlo 2005, to go with her Asian Games and Asian Championship gold medals, and is still the national record-holder in the event. She is currently involved in the government's sports promotion campaigns and heads the Target Olympic Podium Scheme.

Manisha Malhotra (tennis) - National champion, a member of India's Fed Cup team as well as an Asian Games silver medallist, Malhotra has followed up her successful playing career by playing an active part in supporting India's athletes. She was in charge of the Mittal Champions' Trust, one of the first private non-profit organisations set up to assist elite Indian athletes.

Venkatesan Devarajan (boxing) - Winner of the bronze at the 1994 Boxing World Cup in Bangkok, Devarajan was India's first World Cup boxing medallist outside the country. A multiple-time national champion, he is currently a coach and one of the best boxing analysts in India.

PRAKASH SINGH/AFP/Getty Images

Somdev Devvarman (tennis) - Davis Cupper, double gold medallist at the Asian Games in Guangzhou 2010 and gold medallist at the 2010 Commonwealth Games in New Delhi, Devvarman played professional tennis for nine years, with a career-high singles ranking of 62. He is currently an entrepreneur-philanthropist working with underprivileged schoolchildren in Chennai.

Nisha Millet (swimming) - Millet was the first Indian woman to go under a minute in the 100m freestyle and was to dominate swimming in India through the 1990s. Her records in the 200m and 400m freestyle stayed for 15 years, and she represented India in the Asian Games, World Championships and the Olympics in Sydney 2000. Since retiring in 2004, she has coached the next generation of young swimmers at her academy.

Jagdish Kaliraman (wrestling) - Kaliraman belongs to one of the most illustrious families in Indian wrestling and represented India at Asian and World Championships. Son of the legendary Chandgi Ram, Jagdish won a gold at the Islamabad South Asian Games in 2004. After his retirement from competitive wrestling, he is now a well-respected coach and wrestling commentator.

Aparna Popat (badminton) - A forerunner to the most successful generation of Indian women badminton players, Popat was a silver medallist at the World Junior Championships and nine-time national champion, who remained undefeated in the event until her retirement in 2006. She was ranked No. 16 in the world at her peak, won a silver medal in the women's singles at the 1998 Commonwealth Games in Kuala Lumpur and bronze medals in Manchester and Melbourne. Today, she is a well-recognised badminton commentator.

Jagbir Singh (hockey) - The former India hockey striker was part of the Indian team for two Olympics (Seoul 1988 and Barcelona 1992) and two Asian Games in a career lasting 11 years from 1985 to 1996. He went on to become a respected commentator, columnist and one of the world's leading thinkers in modern hockey.

Rohit Brijnath - A sports writer with The Straits Times in Singapore and co-author of Abhinav Bindra's autobiography 'A Shot at History', Brijnath's is the byline Indian sports fans look for when following a story.

Jayaditya Gupta - Executive editor, ESPN India and ESPNcricinfo.

Sharda Ugra - Senior editor, ESPN India and ESPNcricinfo.

Debayan Sen - Senior assistant editor, ESPN India.From Rohit Kumar's heroics to the Bengaluru Bulls playing spoiler, here are some of the talking points from Week 12 of Pro Kabaddi League (PKL) Season 5.

Who impressed, who disappointed

Pro Kabaddi League

Bengaluru captain Rohit was the star of the show in his team's 64-24 thrashing of UP Yoddha, a match that was supposed to have been played in the last week of August but was postponed due to the floods in Mumbai. Rohit was in top form from start to finish, completing a highly efficient 27 successful raids out of 31 attempted, with just three unsuccessful and one empty raid. He scored 32 points, of which 30 were raid points - taking his season raid points tally past 200 - while the remaining two came from his enforcement of a super tackle. Such was the gulf in performance between Rohit and everyone else on the court that the next-highest point tally - 11 - was by UP's Surender Singh.

UP Yoddha have had a somewhat underwhelming debut PKL season so far, with little momentum built under the ineffective captaincy of Nitin Tomar, kabaddi's Rs. 93-lakh man. That UP are in the playoffs has more to do with the fact that three teams - Bengaluru, Telugu Titans and Tamil Thalaivas - didn't make the cut, mostly due to their over-reliance on one player, than it has to do with their own good play. Under such circumstances, a win in their last group match would have given UP a valuable boost ahead of the playoffs. Instead, they ended up with a result that is likely to have the opposite effect. Stand-in captain Rajesh Narwal's leadership was as uninspired as his play - no points scored from two raids and five tackles - as UP failed to react to the onslaught from Bengaluru.

Panga of the week

Pro Kabaddi League

Out of two draws and a match won by a margin of one point, our pick for clash of the week is the 29-29 tie between Patna Pirates and Bengaluru Bulls. The match, which began with Patna taking a 4-0 lead before Bengaluru got on the board, soon got into a pattern of Patna taking slight leads, only for Bengaluru to restore parity. Thanks to Rohit's raiding, Bengaluru took an 18-16 lead at half-time.

Bengaluru continued to raid and defend well in the second half, holding a one-point lead going into the final 10 minutes. With two minutes remaining, Patna, displaying the mettle that has made them two-time defending champions, came back from 28-25 down to lead 29-28. Bengaluru then scored a raid point to level scores. Pardeep Narwal, Patna's star raider, had a chance to get his team the win, but recorded a rare empty raid in the last few seconds.

Tactical genius and dud

Pro Kabaddi League

Haryana Steelers captain Surender Nada is our tactical genius for his role in Haryana's crucial 31-27 win over Puneri Paltan in their last match. The win ensured Haryana stayed in Zone A's second place, a spot they were later displaced from after Pune went on to win one of their two remaining matches.

There was little to choose between the two teams as Deepak Hooda's raiding for Pune was cancelled out by Prashanth Kumar Rai's effort for Haryana. Trailing 23-20 with five minutes left on the clock, Haryana enforced an all-out to gain a 25-24 lead before Surender successfully enforced two key tackles to seal victory.

For failing to even attempt to counter Bengaluru's dominant display against his team, UP's Rajesh Narwal is our pick for tactical dud.

Upcoming star

Rinku Narwal (right) of Puneri Paltan. Pro Kabaddi League

Although Pune lost 22-23 to Gujarat in the season's last group stage match, they had defender Rinku Narwal for making the match a tight one. Rinku scored six of his seven points through tackles and only had one unsuccessful tackle to his name. His defending forced Gujarat to dig deep for a last-gasp victory.

International khiladi

The ever-dependable Jang Kun Lee is our international player of the week for his eight raid points scored for Bengal Warriors in a 37-37 tie against Telugu. Trailing 37-34 with four minutes remaining, Lee scored two of Bengal's last three points to give his team a crucial draw. After Patna also drew their last match, the tie ensured Bengal finish top of Zone B, giving them a potentially easier path to the final.

Team of the week

With their playoff hopes ruled out, Bengaluru had nothing but pride to play for this week and the lack of pressure appeared to have played a part in their play as they recorded two victories against UP and a commendable draw against Patna. Bengaluru also played a potentially disruptive role in the standings, handing UP a rough reality check and denying defending champions Patna the easiest route to the final.

Final word

At the start of the season, it seemed there would be little to stop Patna from winning a third straight PKL title. But their momentum faltered towards the end of the long season and now, it will be interesting to see if they can win two eliminators and a qualifier just to earn the chance to defend their title.ABOUT COOKIES

We use cookies to help make this website better, to improve our services and for advertising purposes. You can learn more about our use of cookies and change your browser settings in order to avoid cookies by clicking here. Otherwise, we'll assume you are OK to continue.

ContinueSAUL NIGUEZ was denied by the crossbar as second-placed Atletico Madrid were held to a 0-0 LaLiga draw by Real Betis. Here are the full match highlights.

ABOUT COOKIES

We use cookies to help make this website better, to improve our services and for advertising purposes. You can learn more about our use of cookies and change your browser settings in order to avoid cookies by clicking here. Otherwise, we'll assume you are OK to continue.

ContinueKolkata Knight Riders Have A Strong Core For Next 5-7 Years: Uthappa Robin Uthappa, who has been around since the inception of the IPL in 2008, said the game has changed a lot since the first year and has become more "power-oriented".IPL 2018 LIVE Cricket Score, SRH vs DD at Hyderabad: Shaw falls to Rashid after rapid 65 - Firstpost Firstpost IPL 2018 LIVE Cricket Score, SRH vs DD at Hyderabad: Shaw falls to Rashid after rapid 65 Firstpost Rishabh Pant needs to score 61 more runs to become the youngest batsman to score 1,000 runs in IPL. Full Scorecard. Snehal Pradhan, ex-India cricketer…Humbled KXIP seek quick turnaround - Cricbuzz Cricbuzz Humbled KXIP seek quick turnaround Cricbuzz In their first game after a seven-day break, Kings XI Punjab opted for a plethora of changes in a bid to unsettle Mumbai Indians. A shrewd thinker that R Ashwin is, he probably overdid the thinking bit and …IPL 2018, CSK vs RCB: Virat Kohli, AB de Villiers’ early dismissals made things easy for us, says MS Dhoni Chennai Super Kings defeated RCB by 6 wickets after chasing down 128 runs in 18 overs.IPL 2018, CSK vs RCB: Chennai Super Kings come closer to play-offs after beating Royal Challengers Bangalore Chennai Super Kings are virtually through to the Indian Premier League play-offs after a comprehensive six-wicket victory over Royal Challengers Bangalore.IPL 2018 LIVE Cricket Score, SRH vs DD at Hyderabad: Prithvi Shaw going strong after early setback - Firstpost Firstpost IPL 2018 LIVE Cricket Score, SRH vs DD at Hyderabad: Prithvi Shaw going strong after early setback Firstpost After 7 overs,Delhi Daredevils 66/1 ( Prithvi Shaw 51, Shreyas Iyer (C) 12) Shakib Al Hasan has been brought back. It might have to do with …Have Learnt A Valuable Lesson, Says Banned David Warner Accused of being the chief architect behind the ball tampering incident, Warner was banned from playing international and domestic cricket for a year along with former skipper Steve Smith.Dhoni lauds spinners, Kohli blames it on dropped catches Mahendra Singh Dhoni praised his spinners Ravindra Jadeja and Harbhajan Singh for their stellar show while his opposite number Virat Kohli rued the dropped catches during Chennai Super Kings' six-wicket win against Royal Challengers Bangalore in an IPL match …In-form KKR could ruin Mumbai Indians' play-off hopes Mumbai cannot afford to lose, and are up against a formidable side that has won their last two gamesRoyals desperate for more from Stokes, Unadkat Rajasthan Royals, at the bottom of the league, need substantial contributions from their most expensive players against Kings XIIPL: हैदराबाद vs दिल्ली, लाइव स्कोर-अपडेट्स सनराइजर्स हैदराबाद और दिल्ली डेयरडविल्स के बीच आईपीएल के 11वें सीजन का 36वां मैच हैदराबाद के राजीव गांधी स्टेडियम में खेला जा रहा है।दिल्ली ने टॉस जीतकर पहले बल्लेबाजी करने का फैसला किया है।IPL 2018: Villain Ravindra Jadeja turns CSK's hero to blow RCB's qualification hopes - Deccan Chronicle Deccan Chronicle IPL 2018: Villain Ravindra Jadeja turns CSK's hero to blow RCB's qualification hopes Deccan Chronicle Pune: The script was different and so were the results and the stars. A clash against two of the fiercest batting powerhouses of the Indian …CSK blow away RCB, inch closer towards IPL Play-Offs Chennai Super Kings are virtually through to the Indian Premier League play-offs after a comprehensive six-wicket victory over Royal Challengers BanCSK blow away RCB, inch closer towards IPL playoffs Chennai Super Kings are virtually through to the Indian Premier League play-offs after a comprehensive six-wicket victory over Royal Challengers Bangalore, courtesy a superb bowling effort from the spin duo of Ravindra Jadeja and Harbhajan Singh.IPL 2018: MS Dhoni, Spinners Shine In CSK's 6-Wicket Win vs RCB Mahendra Singh Dhoni (31 no off 23 balls) hit Yuzvendra Chahal for three huge sixes as CSK knocked off the required runs in only 18 overs to move to 14 points from 10 games.IPL: हैदराबाद बनाम दिल्ली, लाइव स्कोरकार्ड सनराइजर्स हैदराबाद और दिल्ली डेयरडविल्स के बीच आईपीएल के 11वें सीजन का 36वां मैच हैदराबाद के राजीव गांधी स्टेडियम में खेला जा रहा है।IPL 2018: Comedy Of Errors As Mohammed Siraj Survives Run Out Despite Falling On The Pitch — Watch - inUth.com inUth.com IPL 2018: Comedy Of Errors As Mohammed Siraj Survives Run Out Despite Falling On The Pitch — Watch inUth.com IPL 2018, CSK vs RCB, Match 35: Mohammed Siraj had a tough day on the field as he scored just 3 runs from 7 balls and gave 18 runs from 2 ov…IPL 2018: Chennai blows away Bangalore, inch closer towards play-offs Another win in the next four matches will guarantee CSK a spot as 16 points has always been a cut-off for play-off qualification.IPL Live: Daredevils opt to bat against Sunrisers Cricket News: IPL Score: Follow all the live IPL Score updates from the 36th Match of IPL 2018 between Sunrisers Hyderabad and Delhi Daredevils on Times of IndiaSRH vs DD, IPL 2018 Live Cricket Score: Delhi Daredevils opt to bat against Sunrisers Hyderabad - Times of India (blog) Times of India (blog) SRH vs DD, IPL 2018 Live Cricket Score: Delhi Daredevils opt to bat against Sunrisers Hyderabad Times of India (blog) Time for the second game of the evening, umpires are out and they are closely followed by the Hyderabad fielders. For D…Kolkata Knight Riders Have A Strong Core For Next 5-7 Years: Uthappa Robin Uthappa, who has been around since the inception of the IPL in 2008, said the game has changed a lot since the first year and has become more "power-oriented".Princess Melba's apology Princess Melba (Pig Goat Banana Cricket) apologizes to Queen Goat (Pig Goat Banana Cricket) for making her running away. Hope you guys like it no matter what.IPL 2018 LIVE Cricket Score, SRH vs DD at Hyderabad: Shaw falls to Rashid after rapid 65 - Firstpost Firstpost IPL 2018 LIVE Cricket Score, SRH vs DD at Hyderabad: Shaw falls to Rashid after rapid 65 Firstpost Rishabh Pant needs to score 61 more runs to become the youngest batsman to score 1,000 runs in IPL. Full Scorecard. Snehal Pradhan, ex-India cricketer…Warner humbled by the support received The feisty opener spends time with his familyIPL 2018, CSK vs RCB: Virat Kohli, AB de Villiers’ early dismissals made things easy for us, says MS Dhoni Chennai Super Kings defeated RCB by 6 wickets after chasing down 128 runs in 18 overs.ESPN Plus te ofrece programación en vivo y su serie de ‘SportsCenter’ En este artículo te enumeramos todas las cualidades y beneficios del nuevo servicio streaming de ESPN, llamado ESPN +. Esta plataforma está disponible tanto para usuarios con iOS y Android. The post ESPN Plus te ofrece programación en vivo y su serie de ‘Spor…IPL 2018 LIVE Cricket Score, SRH vs DD at Hyderabad: Prithvi Shaw going strong after early setback - Firstpost Firstpost IPL 2018 LIVE Cricket Score, SRH vs DD at Hyderabad: Prithvi Shaw going strong after early setback Firstpost After 7 overs,Delhi Daredevils 66/1 ( Prithvi Shaw 51, Shreyas Iyer (C) 12) Shakib Al Hasan has been brought back. It might have to do with …Have Learnt A Valuable Lesson, Says Banned David Warner Accused of being the chief architect behind the ball tampering incident, Warner was banned from playing international and domestic cricket for a year along with former skipper Steve Smith.Royals desperate for more from Stokes, Unadkat Rajasthan Royals, at the bottom of the league, need substantial contributions from their most expensive players against Kings XIIPL 2018: Villain Ravindra Jadeja turns CSK's hero to blow RCB's qualification hopes - Deccan Chronicle Deccan Chronicle IPL 2018: Villain Ravindra Jadeja turns CSK's hero to blow RCB's qualification hopes Deccan Chronicle Pune: The script was different and so were the results and the stars. A clash against two of the fiercest batting powerhouses of the Indian …IPL Live: Daredevils opt to bat against Sunrisers Cricket News: IPL Score: Follow all the live IPL Score updates from the 36th Match of IPL 2018 between Sunrisers Hyderabad and Delhi Daredevils on Times of IndiaSpeaker John Bercow compared to Harvey Weinstein by former Black Rod A former top parliamentary official has compared John Bercow to disgraced Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein, as the Commons Speaker faces growing pressure over bullying allegations. David Leakey, who retired as Black Rod last year, said Mr Bercow was "not a…SRH vs DD, IPL 2018 Live Cricket Score: Delhi Daredevils opt to bat against Sunrisers Hyderabad - Times of India (blog) Times of India (blog) SRH vs DD, IPL 2018 Live Cricket Score: Delhi Daredevils opt to bat against Sunrisers Hyderabad Times of India (blog) Time for the second game of the evening, umpires are out and they are closely followed by the Hyderabad fielders. For D…Rs.152 crore seized in Karnataka, anti-Putin protests in Russia, and other top stories of the day Cash and articles worth over ₹152 crore seized in poll-bound KarnatakaThe Election Commission on Saturday said the enforcement agencies have so far maForgiveness is a test of parenthood Our children do stupid things, make bad decisions and disappoint. It's easy to condemn but so much more powerful to forgive.Brian Kerr: Irish football is hurtling towards a scenario where elitism is all that matters and this attitude is wrong Wes Hoolahan has lived a football life less ordinary.Rixon won’t renew contract with PCB: report 64-year-old joined Men in Green as fielding coach in 2016 The post Rixon won’t renew contract with PCB: report appeared first on The Express Tribune.How Ex-Carl Williams associate was forced to help dispose chopped up body The friend - who goes by the alias of Jock Black - became mates with Williams when they were teenagers in the Broadmeadows, Melbourne in the 1980s.IPL Live Cricket Score, SunRisers Hyderabad vs Delhi Daredevils Young Prithvi Shaw, skipper Shreyas Iyer and Rishabh Pant are mainly spearheading Delhi Daredevils' batting unit.IPL 2018, SRH vs DD: On home ground, Hyderabad look to cement playoff berth In the 36th match of IPL 2018, Sunrisers Hyderabad, led by Kane Williamson, will take on Shreyas Iyer's Delhi Daredevils at Hyderabad's Rajiv Gandhi International Stadium. Catch live updates hereCalendar Letters: That was the year that was I’ve just finished reading your essay [“1968: Days of Rage and Wonder” by Jeffrey Fleishman, April 22] with tears streaming down my face. It seems that you and I are the same age and that we share many of the same memories. Walter Cronkite’s voice is etched i…AP: Numerous mishaps traced to adults who had guns in school They are the "good guys with guns" the National Rifle Association says are needed to protect students from shooters: a school police officer, a teacher who moonlights in law enforcement, a veteran sheriff. Yet in a span of 48 hours in March, the three were re…AP: Numerous mishaps traced to adults who had guns in school They are the "good guys with guns" the National Rifle Association says are needed to protect students from shooters: a school police officer, a teacher who moonlights in law enforcement, a veteran sheriff. Yet in a span of 48 hours in March, the three were re…Trabzonspor, Kasımpaşa'yı konuk ediyor Trabzonspor, Spor Toto Süper Lig'in 32. haftasında Kasımpaşa'yı konuk ediyor. Karşılaşmada ilk 11'ler belli oldu. Devamı için tıklayınızWhy we’re told to ‘stand up straight!’ Considering the curious power of posture, from ancient Greece to Hogwarts.Argentina, bocca cucita per Sampaoli all'arrivo in patria dopo il tour europeo Bocca cucita per Jorge Sampaoli, ct dell'Argentina, al suo atterraggioÂ all'aeroporto 'Ministro Pistarini' di Ezeiza dopo il tour europeo nel quale ha parlato conÂ 24Â giocatori, tra i quali l'interista Mauro...NHL Playoff Bracket 2018: Updated Stanley Cup Schedule, Game Times and Picks The final five days of action in the second round of the 2018 Stanley Cup Playoffs should produce the most drama in the postseason to date.     Outside of Tampa Bay's 3-1 lead over Boston, each of the conference semifinals could go either way...The Cavs aren't ready to cut to black just yet In just six days, LeBron James and the Cavaliers went from the verge of first-round elimination to total second-round domination. Here's how they did it.Rajon Rondo Denies Baiting Draymond Green: 'He Talks a Lot of Ish' Rajon Rondo  and                Draymond                Green continued their war of words Friday night as the New Orleans Pelicans earned a 119-100 Game 3 win over the Golden State Warriors at Smoothie King Center in the Western Conference Semifinals...Vegas win totals show Texans, Patriots should have easiest schedules The win totals that Vegas sports books take bets on are one of the best ways to predict how good each team in the NFL will be. The sports books are in business to make money, and they’re not going to make money if they’re way off on the lines they set. So the…Celta - Deportivo | Alineaciones confirmadas Folle semaine au Gabon : assemblée dissoute, nouveau gouvernement et promesse d'élections Le Gabon vient de connaître une folle semaine politique totalement inédite : en quatre jours, l'Assemblée nationale a été dissoute, un nouveau gouvernement formé, sans bouleversement majeur et avec pour objectif d'organiser des législatives plusieurs fois rep…A strange history of Brad Marchand kissing and licking NHL players Why is Brad Marchand licking is opponents? He has a long history of on-ice affection.Try Not To Dance Challenge !!! If You Dance You Lose... Try Not To Dance Challenge !!! If You Dance You Lose !!!\n➡️Watch our last video: https://goo.gl/rpbys5\n\nJukinvideo22 is channel for amazing, original videos and compilations of ordinary people doing extraordinary things. We feature all sorts of different e…FC Koeln - Bayern: gol samobójczy Niklasa Suele W meczu Bundesligi Bayern nieoczekiwanie przegrywał na wyjeździe do przerwy z FC Koeln, samobójcze trafienie zanotował Niklas Suele. Spotkanie było transmitowane na antenie Eleven Sports 1.Can Gayle Benson add Kentucky Derby win to successful portfolio? Gayle Benson, owner of the New Orleans Saints and Pelicans, also owns thoroughbreds. After supporting her Pelicans in a Friday night playoff game, she'll be watching Lone Sailor run at the Kentucky Derby on Saturday.美国或将体育赌博全境合法化？这可能是个数十亿美元的大市场 近日，据外媒报道，美国最高法院可能会做出一项判决，使得体育博彩在全境实现合法化，从拉斯维加斯扩大到其他各州，这也将可能催生新的公司，并为体育媒体带来新的盈利模式。 目前，体育博彩主要限于拉斯维加斯，其他大多数州受到一项 1992 年颁布的，名为《职业与业余体育保护法案》（ Professional and Amateur Sports Protection Act ）的法案限制。而美国最高法院现正在审议新泽西州 NCAA vs. Christie 的案件，可能会使得该法案失效，从而让体育博彩在新泽西州、乃至美国全…REAL LIFE YBFers: YBF Karate Kid Is The Real Life Chun-Li + Kiddie Beyhive Remake Beychella We’ve got some real life YBF kiddies realness to brighten up your day. See videos of the kids slay Beyyonce’s Coachella performance, plus meet the real-life YBF Chun-Li inside… <!--break--><!--break-->11-year-old Kaitlyn Williams is the real-life Chun-Li. The…David Haye vs Tony Bellew undercard: All the fights including Joe Joyce, Paul Butler and John Ryder vs Jamie Cox The Bomber and The Hayemaker are the star attractions but there is plenty more for fight fans to feast their eyes onWatch NBA Playoffs 2018 online: Live stream, dates, schedules, times, series matchups, bracket Here's how to watch every NBA postseason game online or on TV